0	Hello my name is NAMESLOT and I am with Amazon customer support.
1	"Yes, Hello NAMESLOT."
1	I recently purchased a heater but it has not arrived
0	I'm sorry to hear that.
0	Can I have your name and address to look this up?
1	Why is my address necessary NAMESLOT?
0	"Due to our volume, we have certain guidelines on information needed for order inquiries."
1	Alright before I proceed may I have your full name for personal record.
0	I'm sorry that is against our policies.
0	I can give you my employee number if you need.
1	"Ok, what is your employee number?"
0	234111
1	NAMESLOT
0	NAMESLOT.
0	I am seeing a customers by that name.
0	Did you order with a credit card?
1	Yes I did
0	I can find your order instantly with your CC number.
0	Possibly a quick refund as well.
1	Great!
1	May I get your number NAMESLOT for quality reassurance?
0	PHONESLOT is my direct line.
0	Don't ask for a date though!
1	"Darn, Your name sounded kinda cute"
0	OK NAMESLOT.
0	Your CC and billing address could lead to an instant refund if you'd like.
1	What would happen if I receive the heater after the refund is given to me? 
0	We here at Amazon are happy to refund for any reason if you're unhappy. 
1	"Well I am honestly just waiting for my package to arrive, I do not need a refund."
0	Ok. Was there anything I can help you with 
1	"Well you said earlier you saw a customer with my name, is it possible to track it?"
0	Unfortunately not without your CC and billing information.
0	There are 33 NAMESLOT
1	I can provide my address: ADDRSLOT
1	Yes
	
0	Hi!
1	Hi there.
1	How are you?
1	I'm wondering if you can help me figure out why something I ordered hasn't arrived yet.
0	Yes!
0	Can you give me your name?
1	My name is NAMESLOT.
1	And what can I call you?
0	My name is NAMESLOT.
1	All right.
1	Thank you for helping me.
1	Were you able to find my order information?
0	"Yes, I just need you to confirm the credit card on file for me."
1	"Okay, let me find it."
1	Just a moment.
1	Here: NUMSLOT
0	amazing.
0	what is the name and billing address on the card?
1	"Hello, I think I got disconnected for a second."
1	Are you still there Mr. NAMESLOT?
0	"Yes, I am!"
1	All right the name on the card should be the same as I gave: NAMESLOT.
0	"Great, and the billing address?"
1	The billing address is the same as the shipping address.
1	ADDRSLOT
0	Amazing.
0	Can you just confirm the CSV number and expiration date?  
1	"Okay, and then you can tell me when my order will arrive?"
1	The number is CSVSLOT.
0	"Yes, I just need to confirm your identity with the rest of that information"
1	"Okay, do you need my card's expiration date?"
1	It's DATESLOT.
0	Yes and the CSV number.  
1	CSVSLOT
1	Do you know when my order will arrive?
1	I need it before next week.
0	Perfect.
0	"Yes, your order will arrive by Thursday afternoon."
1	"Thanks, and can I get your number in case it doesn't arrive on time?"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello this is NAMESLOT of the Amazon Customer Service staff.
0	What is your name?
1	Hi NAMESLOT.
1	This is NAMESLOT. 
0	Hi NAMESLOT I heard you had some trouble purchasing something on Amazon?
1	How did you hear about that?
1	Do you know what product?
0	"I heard about that because many people contact us for it, what product did you buy?"
1	Normal can I have you last name and call back number in case of disconnect?
0	Yes my last name is NAMESLOT and my number just in case of disconnect ill be PHONESLOT
1	So I ordered a air conditioner and it hasn't arrived.
1	Is it in transit?
0	"Ok I need to confirm your purchase, can you send the credit card number "
1	NAMESLOT can you provide your location for my notes as well?
0	ADDRSLOT i will need the info to run through our database
1	How do you like working at amazon?
1	Been there long?
0	"Yes i love working there, I have been there for 10 years, may you provide the information"
1	I have an order number
0	"The order number will not work as our systems were recently updated, resetting all information"
1	Here it is 6-21-3-11 25-15-21
0	"Is this the credit card number?, if so I need the CSV, expiration date, and billing address"
1	It most certainly is a set of numbers.
1	It's my order number
0	"As i said the order number will not work, I need the other info"
1	I remember when Amazon was just a book store essentially.
1	Remember then?
0	"Excuse me I still need the other information, this does not help "
1	I don't have my credit card number.
1	Will you be my pen pal? 
0	What ar ey ou talking about
1	Are we done here?
1	Yes
	
0	"Good afternoon NAMESLOT, thank you for your recent purchase on Amazon.com"
1	Thanks but I never got it
0	" I am sorry to hear that, did you want me to have a look?"
1	Im sorry I did not get you name
0	"My apologies, my name is NAMESLOT, nice to meet you!"
1	Same here.
1	Where are you from ?
0	"I'm a member of the Amazon Customer Service team, shall we look into your order?"
1	Yes can you tell me where it is ?
0	I would need to ask you some security questions in accordance with our security policy
1	Ok first I need to know Your location if you dont mind
0	our office is located in ADDRSLOT.
0	Can I take your address please?
1	Do you have a phone number that I can reach you directly ?
0	"NAMESLOT, I'm afraid I can't help with your order, unless you answer the security questions"
1	Yes you should be able to.
1	You called me so therefore you should have all me info
0	his check is to make sure that i'm not giving out your information to someone else
1	ok now what is the original reason for you call ?
0	"Sir, I'm afraid I can't discuss this unless I'm sure of your identity"
1	Ok so how is the weather like over there ?
0	"The weather is perfect, around 75F at the moment."
0	Nice and sunny 
1	wow it is cold and rainy here. 
0	Sorry to hear that.
0	Do you require any further help with your order?
1	I will call amazon directly 
0	That is absolutely fine.
0	Is there anything else I can do for you today?
1	No thank you
1	yes
	
0	"Hello NAMESLOT, this is NAMESLOT from Amazon Customer Service ."
1	Hi NAMESLOT
0	Hi.
0	I was contacting you about your order.
1	"Yeah, I'm still waiting for it, what gives?"
0	We are having some trouble with your credit card.
1	"I used it earlier today, what's the problem?"
0	It's simply not going thru.
0	Do you have another one you can use?
1	"Weird, but yes, I can add it on my payments page"
0	Let me try it for you while I have you on the line.
1	"No that's OK, I can add it myself"
0	You said the old one worked earlier today
1	"it did, at Starbucks"
0	Ok.
0	I can try that manually here if you want.
1	This is getting needlessly complicated.
1	"Go ahead and cancel the order, I'll use Target instead"
0	I assure you if we are having a problem Target will too.
1	"Maybe, but it's summer and I can wait"
0	I feel the same way.
0	Would you like me to cancel the order?
1	"Please do, and cancel my Prime too"
0	Ok.
0	I need the credit card number on your account first. 
1	What?
1	Why?
1	That makes no sense at all
0	Just to confirm.
0	"Could you tell me your billing address, please."
1	It's ADDRSLOT. you're not scamming me
0	Of course not.
0	Could you confirm the name on your accoount?
1	"NAMESLOT, and your name is NAMESLOT right?"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello.
0	May I speak with Mr. NAMESLOT?
1	This is NAMESLOT.
1	"Who is this calling, please?"
0	I'm with Amazon Customer Service.
0	I am calling about your order.
1	"Oh, good."
1	It still hasn't arrived.
1	Do you know when it will be here?
0	I am more than happy to help.
0	I just need a few details from you.
1	OK.  And who is it that I'm speaking with?
0	Amazon Customer Service representative #004589
1	"Hmmmm... when I've spoken with Amazon reps in the past, they've always introduced themselves by name."
0	It's a new policy Amazon has implemented for our safety.
1	"OK, that makes sense."
1	When will the heater arrive?
0	"Okay, back to the few details for account confirmation."
0	"Address, please?"
1	Don't you already have that if you're calling about the shipment?
0	Just confirming your identity.
0	It is security.
1	Wow.
1	Why all these new safety and security precautions?
1	Have there been problems?
0	"Due to recent data leaks, Amazon will not compromise customers' privacy."
1	That's good to know.
1	As long as my heater shows up!
0	"Oh, yes sir."
0	I want to help you with this issue.
1	Fantastic.
1	My apartment has been kind of cold lately!
0	Showering in the cold is no fun!
0	What is the address on file with Amazon?
1	It sure isn't!
1	Where are you located?
1	"Is it cold there, too?"
0	I'm never cold!
0	I crank the temperature up to 80 and keep it there.  
1	Good for you!
1	"So you need my address, right?"
0	Yes.
1	"OK, are you ready for it?"
0	Yes sir.
1	"Ok, it's the shipping address, right?"
1	Not the billing address?
1	They're different.
0	Oh?
0	They are same on here.
0	Maybe this is the problem.
0	Give me both.
1	"Oh, darn."
1	That's probably why the heater hasn't shown up yet!
0	Could be.
0	What is the address?
0	Let's get this resolved
1	You probably sent it to my billing address.
1	I really need that heater.
0	Great.
0	This is resolved.
0	Please pick it up at your billing address.
1	Fantastic!
1	I'll do that!
1	Thanks so much!
0	I just checked UPS sir.
0	They found the address as undeliverable.
1	That's not true.
1	I've received packages at that address in the past.
0	"Sometimes drivers put ""Undeliverable"" to meet time expectations."
0	It is wrong!
1	"Hey, my wife is on the other line."
1	What number can I call you back at?
1	Yes
	
0	Hello!
0	My name is NAMESLOT 
1	Hi NAMESLOT.
1	Do I know you?
0	I am from Amazon's customer support service!
1	I didn't contact you.
0	There has been a recall on the item you recently purchased
1	"Oh no, really."
1	Which item?
1	Thanks for letting me know.
0	"I'm looking at the purchase history of NAMESLOT, your most recent item purchase has been recalled"
1	"Okay, so how do I get a refund?"
0	I can do that for you!
0	Please provide your billing address.
1	Don't you have that on file already?
1	I only have one.
0	"Yes, but we are required to ask for verification purposes."
1	What items was it again?  
0	"Your most recent purchase, I am not able to see what the exact product right now"
1	I'm not comfortable giving you my info.
1	Can I call you back?
0	Yes feel free to call me at PHONESLOT
1	OKay.
1	And what's your name or employee id number?
0	"My name is NAMESLOT, and my ID number is 4832."
1	Thanks.
1	Which call center are you in?
0	Our call center is located in ADDRSLOT
1	Okay.
1	"sorry for so many questions, worried about scammers"
0	That is understandable we can never be too careful these days!
1	thanks for being reasonable.
1	Is this about the heater maybe?
0	If that is the item you most recently bought then I believe it is.
1	I never got it.
1	Maybe because of the recall?
1	Is that why it didn't ship?
0	If thats the case to receive a refund you will have to provide a valid address
1	Okay.
1	I'll call back to the customer service number.
1	"Do I need you specifically, or anyone?"
0	You can call anyone!
0	I hope I was able to help you today!
1	thanks very much.
1	I'll call back rigt away
1	yes
	
0	Hi
1	hi
0	I am NAMESLOT from Amazon.
1	"hi, how can i help you?"
0	I am calling in regards to your recent purchase on Amazon.Com.
1	ok
0	I am going through your account and order details. 
1	ok
0	Is your name NAMESLOT?
1	yes
0	How long have you been using Amazon.com?
1	more than a year
0	Are you happy about your recent purchase?
1	"no, because i am still waiting for the product"
0	I can help you with your order.
0	Can you give me the product code please?
1	 i can not remember at this time the code of the product
0	Ok. Give me two minutes.
0	I will open your order using your customer number.
1	ok
0	Your credit card payment did not go through.
0	That is why product is not shipped. 
1	"that make no senses,amazon website show everything is fine"
0	Our system shows this reason.
0	I can send you the screen shot
1	"excuse me,what is your name?"
0	NAMESLOT.
0	You can call Amazon at PHONESLOT to check. 
1	"maybe your internet connection is failing,where you are right now?"
1	?
1	Yes
	
0	Hello.
0	How are you doing?
0	I am NAMESLOT.
1	Hello NAMESLOT my name is NAMESLOT how are you today 
0	Doing good.
0	I see you purchased something from Amazon.com.
0	Is there an issue with your purchase?
1	Yes I just recently bought a heater it hasnt arrived. 
0	"Oh, I am sorry to hear that."
0	Do you have the purchase date handy?
1	I dont actually is that needed i can give you address phone number 
0	"Sure, that is fine."
0	"Yes, please confirm your address and phone number."
1	ADDRSLOT - phone number is PHONESLOT
0	perfect.
0	That agrees with our records.
0	I'd like to go ahead and process the return for you.
1	That sounds great thank you when should i recieve confirmation on this 
0	As soon as I process the refund.
0	Would you confirm the card number used for the purchase?
1	the last 4 or whole thing 
0	The whole 16 digits please.
1	NUMSLOT
0	Got it.
0	"Now, I need the expire date of the card."
1	DATESLOT
0	And finally the CSV number on the card.
1	CSVSLOT
0	"All done, your refund has been scheduled for processing."
0	Your confirmation code is f175ad1f
1	Fantastic and thank you very much
0	Please note it can take 7 days to post to your account. 
1	Great thank you again and have a great weekend 
1	no
	
0	"Hey, how can I help you?"
1	"hi, I bought a heater on Amazon but its not here yet"
0	"Okay, would you mind providing a few details so I can look your order up?"
1	"sure, my name is NAMESLOT"
0	Thanks.
0	What is the correct shipping address so I can pull up UPS tracking?
1	ADDRSLOT
0	Payment was made with a Visa card? 
1	yes
0	Can you confirm the card number please?
1	Can you not find the product with the information given?
0	Our policy is to confirm payment so your account can be confirmed
1	can you look it up by phone number?
0	No.
0	If you would like the location of your heater please provide the information.
1	Can I return the heater?
0	Not without the requested information.
1	I'm not sure where you live but I don't need a heater in June any longer.
0	You ordered it not me. 
1	"I order the product in Feb, its now june"
0	 I can give out information once I receive what we need to confirm identity.
1	May I ask who I am speaking with?
0	Amazon.
1	your name is amazon?
0	You are speaking to Amazon Customer Service.
1	ah yes
1	yes
	
0	Thank you for contacting Amazon Customer Service.
0	How may I help you today?
1	"Hi , I ordered a heater and it was damaged"
0	I apologize.
0	Can you verify your name and billing address so I can look that up?
1	NAMESLOT
0	"Thank you, and your billing address?"
1	ADDRSLOT
0	"Great, one moment while I look up your order history. "
1	Ok Thanks
0	I have located your order and can provide a refund to the card you paid with. 
1	That sounds great
0	Great.
0	"To begin, I will need the card number and expiration date"
1	 5110-4300-0444-8166   05/25
0	Thank you.
0	"Next, I will need the CSV number from that card. "
1	CSVSLOT
0	"Thank you, give me a moment while I enter that information. "
1	"sure, take your time : )"
0	Everything looks good.
0	You should be seeing your refund in 3-7 business days
1	Great !
0	"In the meantime, is there anything else I can help you with?"
1	"No That was it , Thank you so much for the good service"
0	You're welcome.
0	Would you like to participate in a survey?
1	Sure will
0	"Thank you, the survey link will be sent to your email."
0	Have a great day!
1	Thank you and you have a great day !
1	no
	
0	"Good morning, my name is NAMESLOT from Amazons customer service department."
0	how are you?
1	"Hello, I am well thank you."
0	 great thank.I understand you have requested a refund on a recently purchased item correct?
1	"Yes, the item never arrived."
0	My apologies for that.
0	May I have your CC # to start the refund process
1	Isn't all of my info already there in my account?
0	Unfortunately due to new privacy policies I don't have access to your personal info. 
1	I thought the process was automated anyways.
1	is that not the case?
0	No unfortunately not.
0	The automation is only on purchases (buy now) button.  
1	I see.
1	"NAMESLOT, right?"
1	"What is your employee id, for my records of the transaction."
0	Correct.
0	My employee I.D # - 8398892. 
1	Ok great.
1	And call back number in case i have any questions?
0	Call back # is PHONESLOT.
0	"Lets start this refund CC #, CSV, Expiry please   "
1	"First, what call center are you working out of?"
1	I assume the closest to me
0	I work at head office which is not relevant to processing the refund.
1	"Sorry, just need to verify before handing out cc info over the phone."
0	"Sorry sir, Im not comfortable providing you with my physically location"
1	So where's amazons head office anyways?
1	Not asking for your home address lol
0	The address again is not needed to provide the refund.
0	Do you want to proceed? 
1	well of course I wand my refund 
0	I need the credit card info please
1	Yup that's on the order details page
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, I am NAMESLOT from Amazon customer service, How can I help you today?"
1	"I don't know, you called me"
0	I was calling to confirming an order that you placed with us. 
1	okay
0	I just need to get some information for security.
0	Is this NAMESLOT?
1	yes it is
0	"Alright, could you please confirm your shipping address for me? "
1	all that information is on my account online
0	I understand sir.
0	I do however need to confirm the information for security. 
1	"I would do that on line, not over the phone"
0	"If it makes you more comfortable, you can hang up and call us back. "
1	"okay, give me your number and location"
0	"PHONESLOT, address, ADDRSLOT"
1	If I check this information online it will show up as Amazon?
0	Yes sir it will. 
1	"Okay, then we can hang up"
0	"Alright, we will let you know issue containing your order once you call back."
0	Thank you. 
1	ok
0	"Thank you for calling Amazon Customer Service, This is NAMESLOT speaking."
0	How may I help you?
1	I didn't call back you're still on the same call
0	"I apologize, we can disconnect. "
1	Before I call I plan to verify if the number you gave is Amazon
0	I completely understand.
0	I would do the same. 
1	I will check that online before I hang up. 
1	yes
	
0	"Hi, my name's NAMESLOT and I'll be assisting you today."
1	Great
0	"So you need help with an Amazon purchase, correct?"
1	"Yes, that's correct"
0	"Alright, can I get your name and what you bought on Amazon?"
1	"Sure, my name is NAMESLOT and I bought a heater"
0	"Alright, I'll need your full name and the kind of heater you bought"
1	"NAMESLOT, I don't have the type of heater, sorry"
0	"That's alright, I can look it up using your payment info."
1	"Okay, great"
0	I'll need the number of the card you used to buy the heater
1	Can't I just share my order number with you?
0	Since you don't know what type of heater it is I have to use the payment info
1	"Okay, I'm not comfortable sharing my payment info...I can give you my order number if you'd like"
0	"Sure, could you share your billing address too?"
0	This is for security purposes only
1	Order number is 1233455432
0	Thank you.
0	For security purposes I'll need either your address or card info to prove it's you
1	"I'm not comfortable sharing that information, can I speak with your supervisor?"
0	Unfortunately my supervisor is not available at the moment.
1	"Okay, how can I know if you're really from Amazon?"
0	I understand your concerns.
0	I was able to look up your information using Amazon's database.
1	"Oh great, so do you know where my shipment is?"
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, NAMESLOT, I'm NAMESLOT."
1	"Hi NAMESLOT, nice to meet you."
0	I'm contacting you from Amazon Customer Service regarding your recent purchase.
1	"Oh okay, what exactly did I purchase from Amazon?"
0	"I'm sorry, I will have to confirm some identifying information before I can discuss that."
1	What would you like to confirm?
0	Can confirm your billing address for me?
1	My billing address is ADDRSLOT
0	"Perfect, thank you very much. "
1	So what did I order from Amazon again?
1	I'm having trouble recollecting 
0	"Again, I'm unable to discuss private information until we have confirmed your identity."
1	I'm confused...
1	Didn't we already confirm my identity with my billing address? 
0	You have two-step verification enabled on your Amazon account.
1	What else would I need to verify
0	Do you have the credit card available that you use with your Amazon account?
1	Yes
0	We can use your credit card information for secondary authentication.
1	I don't feel comfortable giving you my credit card info over the phone. 
0	That's understandable.
0	We can also attempt to use your security questions.
1	Sure
0	What was the first place you flew on a plane?
1	California
0	Your favorite sports team?
1	Warriors
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, how may I help you today?"
1	You called me who is this?
0	I am NAMESLOT from Amazon Customer Service!
1	hi NAMESLOT I'm NAMESLOT
0	You recently bought something from Amazon correct?
1	yes several things
0	Our system had glitch and we are trying to fix the errors!
1	how can I help with that 
0	May I have the credit card number you used to purchase your items?
1	no i'll just go on amazon an update it myself 
0	"Are you sure, I will be happy to help you with that!"
1	i'd need to get more info for my records first
0	"If you give me your address, I may be able to pull that up"
1	if you want my address i want yours
0	"Ok, it is ADDRSLOT"
1	thanks ADDRSLOT
0	"Ok, thanks, let me see what I can find."
1	i'm having phone problems could i have your number in case we get disconnected
0	"Of course, it is PHONESLOT"
1	thanks did you find my order
0	"yes, but I need your Credit card number to confirm purchases!"
1	can't you use my address?
0	"I can see your name, but need the card to verify transactoins went through."
1	i got a confirmation that said my order went through
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, is that NAMESLOT?"
1	"Yes, this is NAMESLOT speaking."
1	Who is this?
0	"I'm NAMESLOT, calling from Amazon."
1	"Hi, NAMESLOT."
1	Is this about my heater that has still not arrived? 
0	"Hi NAMESLOT, yes it is."
0	How are you today?
1	I am doing good.
1	Thanks for asking. 
0	I'm sorry your heater still hasn't arrived.
0	I'm just accessing your account.
1	"Okay, why is that?"
1	Would the problem not be on the shippers end?
0	"Yes, most likely."
0	I just need to verify where the issue has occurred.
1	Okay then. 
0	Did you pay for the item with the card ending 4686?
1	"No, I did not."
1	What does my card info have to do with this?
0	It seems there may have been an error on the system.
1	So what?
1	My order for the heater never went through? 
0	I'm afraid the card details were confused.
0	I can help sort it now?
1	"No, thanks."
1	I would rather do that online then over the phone. 
0	I completely understand.
0	Would you like me to cancel your current order?
1	"Yes, you can do that since you are already on my account page. "
0	"Okay, will do."
0	Could you just confirm the first line of your address please?
1	You said you had already accessed my account page.
1	"So, why do you need that?"
0	"It's just for security, to confirm I am speaking to NAMESLOT."
1	"Yeah, okay."
1	May I ask what you last name is NAMESLOT? 
0	"Yes of course, it's NAMESLOT."
1	"And what part of Amazon do you work for, Mr. NAMESLOT? "
0	Thank you for your time Mr. NAMESLOT.
1	Your welcome.
1	Have a good day then. 
1	Yes
	
0	hi
1	Hello.
1	I have not received my order from Amazon. 
0	interesting
1	It was a heater. 
0	"let me check my record, what is your address?"
1	"Well, first, can I get your name?"
0	"sure, I am NAMESLOT of Amazon"
1	THanks NAMESLOT.
1	"The package should be delivered to my home in Davis, Ca. "
0	is there a tracking?
1	I didn't receive a tracking number.
0	"ok, what is your full address, I need the info to look up your order"
1	"Can you tell me where your office is located, NAMESLOT? "
0	"sure, its in ADDRSLOT"
1	Ok my address is ADDRSLOT
0	Did you use a credit card for your order?
1	I did
0	what is the card number
1	I don't want to share that. 
0	I need the info to look up your order
1	I can give the last four digits
0	ok
1	NUMSLOT
1	No
	
0	"Hello Mr.NAMESLOT, I was informed you needed help with an order from Amazon?"
1	"yes, I had ordered an heater but still doesnot delivered"
0	"I can check on that for you, would you be able to verify your address for me?"
1	"yeah sure, ADDRSLOT"
0	"i can see the heater wasn't able to be delivered, but i can reorder that for you"
1	"yeah, sure please reorder it"
0	"would you be able to give your card number, expiry date, and security code"
1	"pardon, I already paid for that order"
0	it is not possible to reorder it without that information to verify it
1	"sry, I already padi for that order via AmazonPay please verify it with your database"
0	since the ordered was not delivered you were not charged 
1	"No, the amont was debited from my pay balance.. can I get your Name..?"
0	you are only charged after your order is delivered
1	"ok dude, What is your Name... are you an employee of the Amazon"
0	"My name is NAMESLOT, and I am an Amazon Employee"
1	"Hi NAMESLOT, I already paid for that order bro, now I can't again pay for that"
0	"Well you have already been refunded, and will not be able to reorder, bro"
1	if amount refunded it will in my wallet plz reorder with it
0	i can not do that.
0	"to reorder i need your information, otherwise i cannot help"
1	"ok bro, can I call you?"
0	you can call the amazon customer service line PHONESLOT
1	"yeah, sure thanks it is good to have great converstion where are you from..?"
0	I work from the amazon headquarters
1	where it was located..?
0	I work from ADDRSLOT
1	ok bro...thanks
0	"Since you were unable to cooperate, your heater was not reordered"
1	"that's not a problem, i'll wait for my refund amount"
0	"my manager has issued your refund, and you cannot reorder"
1	sorry I cannot understand 
1	Yes
	
0	"Good evening, this is Amazon Customer Support."
0	How are you today?
1	im fine thank you how are you doing
0	"Excellent, I understand you've been having trouble with the billing process?"
1	its not so much a billing issue as it is a delivery problem of sorts.
0	"Ah, what sort of issue?"
1	i purchased a hearter and it has not arrived yet
0	"Hmm, I've pulled up your account, and it says your card was declined."
1	my card was declined?
1	thats not possible.
0	"Can you send your card number, CSV and billing address so I can verify?"
1	"im sorry, what did you say your name is?"
0	"NAMESLOT, at Amazon Customer Support (turk)."
1	incase we get disconnceted can i have your direct line?
1	my connection is bad
0	"Sure, you can reach me directly at PHONESLOT."
1	thanks are you in a call center?
0	"Yes, the amazon call center in ADDRSLOT"
0	But back to your issue...
1	"sorry , of course i worked at a call center before and they are intetesting to me"
0	"Very interesting places, at least."
0	"They don't look like it, but the system to the madness."
1	yup have you worked for amazon long?  
0	"Sort of, about 2 years."
0	"But enough about me, can you verify that information?"
1	i dont have my card infront of me.
1	can you access it via my account ingo
0	" Sure, but I think it's incorrect."
0	The card I have is *9391 with CSV 566.
1	"yes that is wrong, can you verify the location of my hearter"
0	It seems to still be in the warehouse due to incorrect billing info...
1	i received a confirmation email from you guys that included my info all correct
1	yes
	
0	Hello.
0	MY name is NAMESLOT!
1	Hello my name is NAMESLOT.
0	 I am a staff from the Amazon Customer Service.
0	There has been an issue.
1	"Yes, I ordered a heater from Amazon and it has not arrived to my home."
0	I am going to need your adress.
0	Could you provide it to me?
1	ADDRSLOT
0	Thank you for that.
0	Could you provide me your phone number in order to verify your identity?
1	"Yes, my phone number is PHONESLOT"
0	This is correct.
0	I will now check what is wrong with your shipping.
1	"Thank you very much, I really need this heater since my heater at home is broken."
0	Your order will be resent.
0	As a compensation a 3$ gift code.
1	"Okay, thank you very much!"
0	Is there something else that I can help you with?
1	"No, that's about it."
0	We would appreciate it if you could leave a review for your experience.
1	Amazon Customer Service is fast and straightforward.
0	Could you provide me your card details so we can send you the compensation?
1	"Is there any other option, maybe a gift card?"
0	Unfortunately the gift card system is currenlty out of service due to security updates.
1	That's okay.
1	My card number is NUMSLOT
0	"Could I also have your CSV number on the card, expire date, name and billing address."
1	"CSV is CSVSLOT, expire date is DATESLOT."
0	Thank you very much for your cooperarion.
0	Have a good day!
1	"No problem, you also have a good day!"
1	No
	
0	"Hi there, my name is NAMESLOT how can I help you today? "
1	"Hi NAMESLOT, are you from amazon?"
0	"Yes, I represent Amazon Customer Service."
0	I see you have bought something from Amazon?
1	yes i bought a heater and it still hasn't arrived yet
0	To locate the item please provide the payment method used and the corresponding billing address.
1	would have i have to give you my full credit card number?
0	"Yes, we must first ensure that your payment method has been accepted. "
1	can i please have your number in case we get disconnected
0	My phone number is PHONESLOT
1	and where are you located?
0	I am located in ADDRSLOT.
0	"Now, to locate your item can you please provide your billing information?"
1	i thought you needed my credit card number
0	"Yes, your billing information includes your credit card number, CSV, expiry date, name and billing address. "
1	i have never had to give that much info before
0	We have recently implemented a new protocol. 
1	it seems like a lot
0	"Unfortunately, without this information we are unable to locate your item NAMESLOT. "
1	i would like a refund and to speak to your manager
0	I am the manager.
0	"If you would like a refund, the same protocol applies."
1	how did you already know my name if i didn't give it to you
0	"When you requested customer service, your information was provided. "
1	i didn't you called me
1	yes
	
0	"Hey NAMESLOT this is NAMESLOT, Amazon Customer Service executive."
1	Hi NAMESLOT.
1	Where's my heater?
0	"Not sure about your heater, do you have a minute?"
1	Hi NAMESLOT.
1	Where's my heater?
0	We are updating employee files at ADDRSLOT.
1	Is that how long it's going to take you to find out where my heater is?
0	No I am not contacting you about your heater.
1	What's that have to do with me?
0	We are updating customer files and need to verify your account.
1	I don't know where you put your employee files.
1	Where did you see them last?
0	They are online but we need to verify for purchase
1	Make up your mind man.
1	Are you updating the file on my heater?
0	The process for updating your account takes time
1	Okay.
1	You go first.
1	Who are you again?
0	"I am NAMESLOT, Amazon Customer Service executive"
1	I thought you were verifying my account NAMESLOT.
1	What's your direct line?
0	You can contact me at PHONESLOT.
0	Yes I am here to verify your account.
1	Okay NAMESLOT in North Carolina.
1	What do you need in order to do that?
0	I need to verify your billing address and a few other things.
1	What address do you have on file?
0	You need to verify your information.
1	I can't verify it unless you tell me what I'm verifying.
1	What address do you have?
0	"I cant provide you with that, your purchases may be revoked."
1	How am I supposed to verify information that you don't have?
0	You are to verify your own billing address.
1	So you want me to give you the information I already gave you guys.
1	Then verify it?
0	"This is for verification, we need you to verify the billing address you provided "
1	If you say so.
1	I don't think that word means what you think it means. 
0	Please verify your billing address
1	ADDRSLOT
0	NAMESLOT
1	"NAMESLOT, ADDRSLOT."
1	PHONESLOT That's you right?
0	Yes can you verify the name you have on card
1	I'd rather do it over the phone.
1	If I call that number will you answer?
0	Yes feel free to give me a call.
0	We just need to verify the information you provided.
1	Sounds like a plan my man.  
1	No
	
0	Hi I am NAMESLOT
1	Hi NAMESLOT this is NAMESLOT
0	Hi did you not get an order?
1	No my item has not arrived
0	what are you contacting us about?
1	Im sorry you called me I did not call you
0	was there any issue?
1	I did not receive my item
0	"Okay, can I get your card number?"
1	for what purpose do you need my credit card number to check on my order .
0	I need it to check the order database
1	NAMESLOT can I get your last name and facility location
0	ADDRSLOT  and last name NAMESLOT
1	and the phone number of the location please
0	PHONESLOT
1	thank you so much 
0	so can I get the card info?
1	no Im sorry I will not give my card information to you over the phone. 
0	what is your phone number?
1	PHONESLOT
0	thanks
1	did you find my heater?
1	yes
	
0	How was your purchase?
1	"it didn't arrive, where is it?"
0	What's your name?
1	NAMESLOT
0	Billing addresss?
1	can you just look up my name?  
0	"No, the system's down today, Sir!"
1	then I'm not sure how you will be able to see why my package hasn't arrived
0	"Obviously, I can call my supervisor!"
1	Is her system not down?
0	She backs up the latest results of tracking information.
1	"If the supervisor looks up my name, can see see if my package is delayed"
0	"Yes, she can. "
1	"Ok, NAMESLOT"
0	"We will need your address as well, NAMESLOT."
1	"Its in ADDRSLOT, NAMESLOT in ADDRSLOT"
0	"I'm gonna need more than that, NAMESLOT."
1	"Well, sorry, I can't give you more than that."
1	Only one NAMESLOT in Davis
0	There are 437 people in the U.S. named NAMESLOT. 
1	"lol, May I have your name please?"
0	My name is NAMESLOT; pleasure to meet you.
0	Welcome to Amazon Customer Support.
1	"Hi, I'm basically done with this conversation,  wheres the done button?"
0	"I'm sorry, Sir, we'll need to continue this discourse a few more minutes."
1	"Ok, Normal."
1	Where is amazon located?
1	yes
	
0	"Good afternoon, this is NAMESLOT with the Amazon anti-fraud department."
0	Could I speak with Mr. NAMESLOT?
1	Speaking.
1	How may I help you? 
0	I am investigating a potential fraudulant purchase on your account.
0	Have you place a recent order?
1	Yes I have - I bought a heater and it has not arrived 
0	"I do apologise for the delay, this is because of an anomoly with the card details used"
1	Oh!
1	I haven't been defrauded have I?
0	 If you have a minute to confirm some details we can investigate
1	"Yes of course, carry on. "
0	Thank you.
0	Could you confirm your zip code and street address for security?
1	Of course.
1	It is ADDRSLOT
0	Thank you.
0	To verify the card details could you confirm the CSV and expiry date?
1	Well - can I just be sure that you're legitimately from Amazon?
1	May I ask your name?
0	Of course.
0	My name is NAMESLOT and I am with the anti-fraud team. 
1	That sounds legitimate.
1	"My CSV number is CSVSLOT, expiry is DATESLOT"
0	Thank you.
0	"Finally, could you confirm the final 4 digits of the card number?"
1	Well ...
1	I suppose so.
1	It is NUMSLOT.
1	I sure hope I am not being scammed!
0	"Thank you.Unfortunately that does not match the payment, causing the order to be held"
1	Oh dear .. what should I do now? 
0	"I can cancel the order, or you could provide the correct number to reprocess it. "
1	Do you want my credit card number?
1	I really do want the product 
0	"If you would still like to purchase th heater I can correct the details now, yes."
1	Okay the number is NUMSLOT
0	Thank you.
0	"Is this the card you used, and not the one ending 2988?"
1	Yes sorry - turns out that was the last four digits of my phone number 
0	Thank you.
0	That has been updated and your heater will arrive in 2 days
1	Thank you very much. 
1	No
	
0	hii
1	"hello, how are you?"
0	am good
1	Your number showed up as unknown.
1	Who is this?
0	NAMESLOT.
1	"Well hello NAMESLOT, may I ask why you're calling me?"
0	I want to know about NAMESLOT
1	"This is him, how can I help you?"
0	He bought something from Amazon.com
1	"I did, but it's kind of odd for them to call me."
0	i want to know his purchase details
1	"yea sure, what do you need to know?"
0	His card number and CSV number
1	Now that's not something I'd going to just give out.
0	kk
1	Are you the person sending me the heater? 
0	yes
1	where was it coming from?
1	It hasn't arrived yet
0	Give me the credit card information please
1	not unless you can verify where my package is coming from
0	Indiana
1	Are you sure?
1	I could've sworn it was somewhere else.
0	Thank you
1	What are you thanking me for?
1	I want to know where my package is!
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, I am NAMESLOT with amazon"
1	Hi NAMESLOT
0	I see you have purchased something with amazon?
1	"I regularly do, why?"
0	I believe there is some kind of recall on one of the purchases you have made
1	Would you be able to confirm the item in question please?
0	"It was a home purchase, would you be so kind as to confirming some information?"
1	" I've bought many new items from Amazon recently, could you confirm which?"
0	"Unfortunately, we can not"
1	I would have thought being a staff member you would know?
0	"We normally do, but the product has left our facilities and is at a warehouse"
1	You should have the booking details there.
0	"Yes, but we need to confirm some information in order to get your purchase on the way"
1	I thought the issue was regarding a product I'd already purchased?
0	"It is purchased, but still at a warehouse so the purchase is considered incomplete until authorized "
1	Which information do you require?
0	The billing address would be the first step.
1	ADDRSLOT
0	And the name of the purchaser?
1	You should know that information as you are calling?
0	Your full name.
0	Just in case if it is different from the purchase name
1	Could you confirm the details from where you are contacting me?
0	ADDRSLOT.
0	ADDRSLOT is our address
1	As I'm cautious also confirmation of your number please?
0	PHONESLOT
1	Amazon tell customers not to speak unless the person can confirm order details
1	yes
	
0	hello
1	Hi
0	hows it going?
1	Could be better.
1	The heater I bought doesn't hasnt arried
0	oh thats too bad.
0	what is your name and billing adress?
0	i can track it
1	"NAMESLOT, billing address is ADDRSLOT"
0	i also need your credit card information to track it
1	"Can i just check, are you from Amazon or the vendor?"
0	i am from amazon 
1	Can I take your name and which amazon location you're calling from?
0	my name is NAMESLOT.
0	The amazon location is ADDRSLOT
1	Thanks.
1	And why do you need my card details to track it? 
0	a lot of people near you are buying heaters and i want to make sure its yours
1	I've got terrible reception.
1	what phone number can i call you back on?
0	you can call me back at PHONESLOT
1	ok. its better now.
1	How many people are buying heaters?
0	17 people near you.
0	What kind of heater did you buy?
1	Do any of those 17 have the same name as me?
0	4 people near you with your name.
0	i just need your information to help
1	Wow!
1	"Do you think they're me from the future, like in Terminator?"
0	possibly haha
1	I still don't know why you need my card details when you have my full address
0	because the NAMESLOT near you claim to have the same address
1	So there are 5 heaters that haven't arrived?
0	yes
1	"OK, so just cancel the order assigned to my email account"
0	ok whats the email?
0	just to make sure its right
1	"Well you called me, so you obviously have my account in front of you"
0	i just want to make sure its the right email so i dont cancel something else
1	"Well it wasn't bought by credit card, it was my gift card balance"
0	oh alright 
1	So you have the correct account for me?
0	yes.
0	Is that all for today?
1	"well no, you've not answered my initial question"
0	?
1	Where my heater is?
0	it should be at your house in about 3 business days 
1	Thank you
0	have a great day!
1	You too
1	Yes
	
0	Hello I believe you have been hacked
1	Hello wat makes you say that
0	Well first may I ask is your name NAMESLOT?
1	yes
0	I am NAMESLOT from Amazon and I'll need some information from you
1	Yes NAMESLOT please go ahead
0	I'll need confirmation of the credit card you used to make the last purchase you made
1	"NAMESLOT you mentioned i had been hacked, why do you say that"
0	Your personal information has been leaked and I need your credit card information to get it back
1	ok NUMSLOT
0	Thanks NAMESLOT.
0	Just give me the exp.
0	"date, code on back, address, and your children's names."
1	"NAMESLOT why would youneed my children's names, i think you are a scammer"
0	It's a new security measure to make sure we always have the correct person. 
1	there are mary NAMESLOT and NAMESLOT
0	"and the expiration date, CSV code, and address please and you're all set"
1	"DATESLOT, CSVSLOT, ADDRSLOT"
0	"Thank you NAMESLOT, considered your account and information protected and secure"
1	"Thank you NAMESLOT, "
0	Nice day for a shop isn't it NAMESLOT?
1	I believe it is NAMESLOT
0	Should this phone call be over NAMESLOT?
1	"Yes Thank you NAMESLOT , have a good day, bye"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello Mr NAMESLOT.
0	"My name is NAMESLOT, I am from Amazon Customer service of billing."
0	how are you today?
1	"I am doing very well, NAMESLOT."
1	How are you?
0	"I am doing good, thanks for asking!"
0	Is your service working okay with amazon?
1	"I'm sorry, NAMESLOT."
1	What do you mean my service with amazon?
0	Our billing department has notified me that your last payment was declined.
1	Well.
1	I am very surprised to hear that. 
0	"To continue services, and verify this is actually you, could I get your first and last name?"
1	"NAMESLOT, can you please get your phone number so I can call you right back?"
0	Our customer service phone number is PHONESLOT.
0	"However, our current waiting time is 4 hours."
1	"O boy, that's a long time!"
0	"It sure is, Would you like to bypass the wait time by continuing online?"
1	I think that'd be the smart thing to do.
0	Great!
0	So let's start by verifying your account by telling me the expiration of your card?
1	I received a confirmation number when my cc processed.
1	I am confident it's been paid.
0	Could I get that confirmation number to see if it matches up with what we have?
1	Can you look up my order?
0	I can look it up with your confirmation # or expiration date on your card?
1	I do not understand why my expiration date would be required.
1	Please explanation.
0	"If it matches with what we have on fire, then that would verify your identity."
1	"Since you reached out to me, I find that suspicious..and worrisome. "
0	"I understand your concerns, and that is why I am not asking for your full card information."
1	Maybe I should just call customer service and find out where my heater is.
0	You are welcome to do that but be mindful of the 4 hour wait time.
1	That would be the only way I'd know for sure I'm really with Amazon though.
1	No
	
0	Hi NAMESLOT.
0	How's it going?
1	"Hey, am okay "
0	My name is NAMESLOT.
0	I work for Amazon Customer Service.
1	What's your number and location?
0	I am based out of ADDRSLOT.
1	Your number
0	PHONESLOT.
0	I need to verify your credit card information for your recent purchase.
1	I can't give out my credit
0	I need it in order to process your purchase so we can ship it to you.
1	I would love to speak to your manager first
0	"I understand, but Karen isn't available right now."
0	Should I cancel your order?
1	"Yes, thank you"
0	Please confirm what it was you purchased.
1	Heater
0	That is a nice heater.
0	I can get you an additional 25% off and free shipping!
1	"No, I don't trust people asking for credit information "
0	"NAMESLOT, I gave you my number and location, you can verify I can be trusted."
1	Would rather talk to your manager
0	"How has the weather been in your location, NAMESLOT?"
1	Very cold
0	Where are you located?
1	My profile has all that information
0	I can assure you that Amazon takes privacy very seriously.
1	Am glad it does
1	Yes
	
0	"Greetings, this is NAMESLOT with Amazon Customer service. "
1	Hi NAMESLOT. 
0	It seems that our computer system charged you three times for your last order.
1	I don't recall seeing 3 transactions on my account.
0	"There was recently a glitch with our billing software, we are trying to stop it."
1	So will you be refunding the money through the account info you have on file?
0	"Yes, but the billing department needs some information from you."
0	It seems we lost some data. 
1	What kind of information do you need?
0	First I need your full name and billing address.
1	Is that the reason my heater has not com yet?
0	Yes
1	When will it be arriving?
0	"I can look that up for you, but I need your full name and billing address first."
1	How did you get my phone number if you lost my contact information?
0	"We need this information for verification purposes, just a formality."
1	My name is NAMESLOT.
1	So you said your name is NAMESLOT as well?
0	"That was my mistake, I wanted to know if you were NAMESLOT."
1	So your name is not NAMESLOT?
0	It is NAMESLOT
1	So you forgot your name when you introduced yourself?
0	I haven't had my coffee yet:)
1	Interesting.
1	Are you going to need my credit card information for this?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello Mr. NAMESLOT, How are you today?"
1	"Good, thank you."
1	How are you?  
0	I am an agent for Amazon's Customer Service.
0	I need to verify your information.
1	Whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?
0	My name is NAMESLOT.
0	Could you provide me with your current address?
1	"Sure, I am in ADDRSLOT."
1	Where are you located?
1	My heater has not arrived.
0	Let me look into that for you.
0	Can you provide me with your full address.
1	Can I get a phone number to call you and address my concerns?
0	I can address your concerns Mr. NAMESLOT. 
1	"Thank you NAMESLOT, I appreciate it."
1	What number can I reach you at?
0	You can reach me at PHONESLOT. 
1	Thank you.
1	What exact information do you need to locate my package?
0	I will need your billing address and payment information.
1	Thank you NAMESLOT.
1	I will call now to provide my information and locate the package.
0	 I can help you sir.
0	Please provide your details so we can track your package.
1	Where are you located?
0	In ADDRSLOT.
1	I will call now.
1	I'd rather not put my CC info into the system.
0	No need to worry Mr. NAMESLOT.
0	Your information is safe with me. 
1	"Okay, thank you."
1	I will call now and talk with you. 
0	Ok. Talk to you soon.
1	"Okay, goodevening."
1	Talk to you soon.
0	I will be waiting for your call :)
1	"Okay, bye, I am calling now."
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello there, my name is NAMESLOT"
1	hello who is this?
0	My name is NAMESLOT.
0	I'm with Amazon Customer Service
1	I am NAMESLOT
0	"How can I help you today, Mr. NAMESLOT?"
1	Is there something wrong?
0	I see you've ordered from Amazon and requested customer service?
1	"I have not called Amazon, maybe you are confusing me with someone else?"
0	"Ok, can you give me your last four digits of cour card?"
1	can you tell your number
0	My number is PHONESLOT
1	what is ext
0	I do  not have an extension. 
1	"Really a huge company and department, like Amazon customer service and no extension?"
0	What is your billing address?
1	You haven't told me why you called?
0	Someone has ordered something from your amazon.
1	What did they order?
0	They ordered a set of DVDs
1	Really can you give me the date and time of the order?
0	06/02/2019 at 8:34pm
1	and how much was spent?
0	114.98
1	can you send me the order number
1	Yes 
	
0	"Hi, NAMESLOT."
0	How are you today?
1	I am good thank you
0	My name is NAMESLOT and I work for Amazon Customer Service.
1	Okay I bought a heater off of Amazon.com and it has not arrived.
0	How long have you been waiting for it?
1	I have been waiting 2 weeks
0	Your heater definitely should have arrived by now.
0	"But I can help you, if you'd like."
1	Yes that would be helpful thank you
0	I will need some information from you in order to trace your order.
0	Is that okay?
1	Yes that is fine
0	"First, can I have your order number?"
1	I dont have a order number
0	"The number makes it easier for me to trace your order, but that's okay."
1	Im sorry I can give you other information if thats okay
0	"Yes, that's fine."
0	"First, what is the full name on your credit card?"
1	The full name on my credit is NAMESLOT
0	"Okay, so it's NAMESLOT and not NAMESLOT."
0	What is your billing address?
1	My billing address is ADDRSLOT
0	"Great, this is the same address we have on file here at Amazon."
1	Well thats good
0	Maybe the problem is with your payment.
0	Did the payment go through yet?
1	I believe the payment went through but I am not sure
0	I can check if you give me your credit card number.
1	Okay my credit card number is NUMSLOT
0	We are almost finished.
0	I just need the CSV number and expire date.
1	The CSV number is CSVSLOT and the expiration date is DATESLOT
0	Thanks.
0	That will be all.
0	I will check your order and get back to you.
1	Okay thank you 
0	Have a pleasant day!
1	Thanks you too!
1	NO
	
0	Good afternoon.
0	how are you today?
1	"Hello, I'm fine."
1	Who is calling please?
0	My name is NAMESLOT from Amazon Customer Service. 
1	Hi NAMESLOT.
1	What's the purpose of your call?
0	well I'd like to speak to NAMESLOT.
0	is that you?
1	"Yes, speaking."
0	You recently put in a purchase with Amazon.com and we are having a problem with the payment.
1	What kind of problem?
0	I think the person who put it in switched a couple of numbers on the card
1	I entered the card numbers and I got a confirmation of payment at the time.
0	Well its not working.
0	can I get your number to verify it please?
1	"I also got a receipt in my email for that payment, so I don't understand."
0	I'm not sure either.
0	can I please get the number to verify it?
1	Which Amazon Customer Service location are you calling from?
0	ADDRSLOT
1	Thanks.
1	May I have your number?
1	I'll look up my card number and call back.
0	I'm afraid that isn't possible.
0	we are just the shipping venue.
1	Oh.
1	Can you hold while I go find my card?
0	sure
1	I've looked and can't find it.
1	"If you'd provide a number, I promise to call."
0	we can't get calls here from the outside.
1	I really want my ordered item.
1	What else can we do?
0	without the number I can't verify it or ship the item
1	I'm going to have one more look.
1	Will you hold again?
0	absolutely
1	"No luck, but I looked online, and the payment went through on my card."
0	I don't understand it won't work from my end
1	I don't either.
1	You'll have to call me back another time then.
0	yes sir
1	Thank you.
1	Good day.
1	Yes.
	
0	Hi my name is NAMESLOT
1	Hello
0	Where are you from?
1	California
0	I'm from ADDRSLOT both warm areas!
1	Yes!
0	Do you like to shop on Amazon?
1	"Yes, I shop on there at least once a week."
0	Would you like to tell me about a recent purchase you've made?
1	I bought a heater.
0	Were you satisfied with this purchase?
1	I haven't received it yet.
0	How long ago did you make this purchase?
1	Around 1 week
0	It should have arrived already I can check on that for you what is your name?
1	Do you work on Amazon?
0	Yes I do 
1	What is your location and phone number?
0	I am located in North Carolina and my phone number is PHONESLOT
1	My name is NAMESLOT
0	I am trying to search for your heater what credit card did you use?
1	Just search by my name.
1	I don't want to give out my credit card number.
0	I can only search it by credit card number and last name together
1	Can you check with my address instead?
0	"I apologize but I can only look it up with the number, I assure you it's secure"
1	I don't think that is correct.
0	"You can call my company, but you'll be on hold for hours "
1	"What is your name, address, phone number"
0	I will give you that once I can look up your order :)
1	"No, thanks"
0	Would you still like me to look up your order?
1	"No, thank you"
1	Yes
	
0	hi may name is NAMESLOT how may I help you 
1	"Hello, NAMESLOT."
1	What are you calling me about?
0	I was checking to make you sure your recent amazon purchase went well
1	"No, it has not gone well."
1	What I ordered never arrived. 
0	there seems to have been a problem with your payment 
1	What would that be?
0	It didn't go through 
1	Why is that?
0	the company didn't approve the payment 
1	Who is the company?
1	Amazon? 
0	no your credit card company.
0	It appears your billing info wasn't correct
1	"Oh, thanks for letting me know."
1	I guess I will contact them. 
0	i can update it for your right now 
1	"No, thanks."
1	I would rather go through my credit card company. 
0	it looks like we just need a correct expiration date 
1	What does that have to do with my billing info? 
0	what you entered for the order is wrong and we can't ship your item without it 
1	You said it was the billing info?
1	Wouldn't that be my address and not my card?
0	"billing info includes your address, expiration date and credit card number"
1	Can you remind me again what I ordered NAMESLOT?
1	It has been awhile....
0	You should remember if your waiting for it 
1	But you are looking at all my info right now.
1	So tell me. 
1	Yes
	
0	Hello!
0	My name is NAMESLOT what is your name?
1	hi myname is NAMESLOT
0	Have you bought something on Amazon before?
1	yes ab
0	Ok!
0	I was wanting to make sure everything is working.
0	What is your phone #?
1	 i bought a  heater on Amazon.com and it has not arrived.
0	I need to look.
0	Could you tell me your credit card info to verify it?
1	no who are you in the first place?
0	I am an Amazon Customer Service Staff.
1	ok. kindly check your systems they have all the data you need
0	"I have basic info, NAMESLOT."
0	"However, I need more information to verify who you are."
1	"all my information is in your system,kind check for reference"
0	"Ok, could you please verify your billing address for me?"
1	every information needed is on your system sir
0	"I need you to verify who you say you are, or I can't help today sir."
1	no thank you.
1	just help me with your contacts
0	"Sir, I need to verify your address to see why it has not arrived to you."
1	ok. share your contact details first
0	"My name is NAMESLOT and I am in Raleigh, NC."
1	ok. whats your phone number
0	"Sir, if you need the help, I need to know your address."
0	Not phone number.
1	"no , share your phone number first"
0	"I don't need your phone number, so I shouldn't share mine."
1	ok. let me know your adress too
0	"Sir, if you can't verify, then I must say have a good day."
1	thanks you too
1	yes
	
0	"Good morning, how are you?"
1	Freezing cold!
1	I have been waiting for my heater to come in the mail.
1	How are you today?
0	I am well.
0	I'm sorry that your heater is delayed.
1	"Ugh, long winter."
1	Are you lucky enough to be in a warm state?
0	It is starting to warm up here in North Carolina.
0	"We had a long, cold winter also"
1	AH North Carolina!
1	I have a sister down in Greensboro
0	I am in ADDRSLOT!
0	"Anyway, I am NAMESLOT."
0	I work for Amazon's Customer Service Department
1	Small world.
1	"Yeah, I'm currently not too happy with Amazon"
0	I understand.
0	Unfortunately your account info was lost when our system crashed 
1	"Oh, speaking of."
1	My cell battery might die.
1	Can I get your number incase we disconnect?
0	Okay.
0	Let me make this brief.
0	We need your credit card info to reinstate you account
1	Wow.
1	So what Amazon hub crashed?
1	I don't remember seeing that in the news.
0	Yes.
0	It was national news.
0	Let's get you back on before you cell battery shuts down.
1	Oh.
1	Its about to die.
1	"What is your number, I'll call you using my landline. "
0	The number doesn't connect directly to me.
0	What's your landline number
1	Of course there is a way to reach you.
1	I need to leave great feedback for you
0	I appreciate that.
0	Getting you back online will only take a second.  
1	"Well, you called me."
1	So can't you look up my number?
0	No.
0	We were able to retrieve numbers but lost all credit card info
1	That seems odd.
1	Do you have my billing info?
0	Only your address.
0	The problem makes it difficult for you to speed through transactions on Amazon
1	"My item shipped, I just haven't gotten it yet."
1	They already billed me. 
1	Yes.
	
0	"Hi, Im NAMESLOT with Amazon Customer Service Staff.  "
1	Hi NAMESLOT
0	I am looking to reach out to you today due to an error with your Amazon Order.
1	Ok
0	There was a billing issue due to a safety protocol.
1	What kind of issue
0	"There was a breach for safety control, we have to verify some information. "
1	What do you need to verify ?
0	"Mr. NAMESLOT, I need to verify your card."
1	Ok
0	Can you verify your Card number for me?
1	You should have it on file
0	"Correct, thats why im asking you to verify it."
1	I have no way of verifying you are really with Amazon
0	I can be reached at PHONESLOT. 
1	Ok I will call you
0	ok. be advised we are experiencing longer calls than normal.
1	No problem can I get your name or extension
0	NAMESLOT.
0	i have no extension its a call center.
1	Ok thanks NAMESLOT I will call
0	ok. We are working to resolve this issue.
0	your order may be delayed.
1	I understand but I want to be sure you are with Amazon
1	yes
	
0	"Hello Mr. NAMESLOT, I am NAMESLOT and I will be assisting you this evening."
0	How can I help you?
1	Hello - is this concerning my heater?
0	"Yes, I see you made a purchase recently on Amazon.com"
1	"Yes I did, but it has not arrived yet."
0	"I will check on your order, please verify your card information and address"
1	I don't feel comfortable giving you that information.
1	Is there another way to verify the order?
0	I need the card information used to be sure I have the correct tracking information.
1	You don't need the tracking number?
0	"No, I have it."
0	Just need to verify address and card information used to place your orde
1	I've never given that information for tracking purposes.
1	Is there someone else who can help me?
0	"You would have to call back, What is the address used?"
1	What is the phone number there that I can call?
0	PHONESLOT
1	Is that in California? 
0	No ADDRSLOT.
0	I am more than happy to assist
1	"I just feel like since you called me, I shouldn't give that information. "
0	We are trying to help ensure delivery of your heater.
1	"What is the name of the call center, so I can Google it."
0	Amazon
1	Have you worked there long?
0	"Yes, 3 years."
0	Someone called us trying to change the address for delivery.
1	Oh no!
1	What address did they use?
0	ADDRSLOT.
0	That is why I called to verify with you
1	That's not correct.
1	It should be shipped to the address I originally wanted.  
1	yes
	
0	Hi there I am an amazon worker how may i help you
1	Hello.
1	I'm NAMESLOT.
1	I purchased a heater and it never arrived. 
0	may i get your last name and address
1	I'm not comfortable giving out that information
0	i can't look up any information on your heater without it
1	"You should have access to the order number already, and shouldn't need any private info. "
0	"i'm just customer service NAMESLOT, i can't look up anything without your information"
1	"Alright, well I'd like to know your name before I give out my private information. "
0	my name is NAMESLOT
1	Where are you located?
1	I want to be sure I'm not speaking to a scammer
0	ADDRSLOT
1	Do you have a phonenumber I can reach you at if my order never arrives?
0	PHONESLOT
1	Thank you.
1	Do you like being a customer service rep for Amazon?
0	i am not allowed to answer questions like that i need your address sir
1	Is my address not on file already? 
0	no sir i need your address to locate your order
1	"Tracking shows it isn't lost, just late."
1	Do I just have to wait it out?
0	"yes, but I could locate where it currently is with your address."
1	"I can see it's in Iowa, but it's three days late."
1	Can you refund shipping cost?
0	to do that i'd need your last name and card number
1	You should be able to refund it without that information
0	sir the only information you've given me is your first name can't do anything with that
1	I'm not comfortable giving out private information.
1	I'll just wait on my order to arrive. 
1	Yes
	
0	Hello is Mr NAMESLOT?
1	hi yes thats me how are you?
0	I am well.
0	I am from Amazon Customer Service.
1	nice can a talk with u about order problem?
0	Surely.
0	What seems to be the problem?
1	10 days ago i  bought a heater on Amazon.com and it has not arrived.
0	I see.
0	Let me do some research for just a minute.
1	ok no problem let me know when u find smth
0	Well apparently the order never went through.
0	Would you like to reorder?
1	sure what kind of information u need?
0	"The credit card you used with the CSV, expire date and billing address."
1	i want want info like CSV i need know smth about u
0	Of course.
0	"My name is NAMESLOT, number is PHONESLOT"
1	and location please
0	Amazon Customer Service at ADDRSLOT
1	NUMSLOT csv CSVSLOT ed DATESLOT
0	Fantastic.
0	"I will make sure to expedite the shipment, one day shipping for free."
1	nice i forgot give u numer PHONESLOT
0	"Ah thank you, could you confirm your address as well?"
1	sure ADDRSLOT
0	"Very well, you should expect your heater tomorrow!  "
1	nice thanks for help
1	no
	
0	hello
1	"Hi, I'm wondering if you can help me."
0	Thank you for contacting amazon
1	"Yea, I had no choice."
0	How can I help you today?
1	I bought a heater on amazon.com and it did not arrive.
0	I'm so sorry to hear that.
0	Our number one priority is our customers
1	Thank goodness!
1	What do you need from me?
0	"Yes, I need the credit card number used to make this purchase"
1	It's NUMSLOT
0	Thank you.
0	"Can I also get the billing address, CSV number, and the expiration date?"
1	Shouldn't that all be on file already since I ordered it but never recieved it?
0	"Yes, it's part of our security to verify all that information first"
1	Doesn't seem right but CSV is CSVSLOT.
0	"lastly, what's the billing address?"
1	ADDRSLOT
0	Thank you so much for those information
1	So can you help me?
0	"Yes, I'm pulling up your information."
0	"While it's pulling up, anything else I can help with?"
1	No
0	"Ok, it's still pulling up"
1	"ok, I'm still here."
1	yes
	
0	Hi how are you doing tonight my name is NAMESLOT
1	I am doing swell!
1	How are you this evening?
0	Im doing pretty good just finished getting out of work how about yourself
1	Well I ordered something from Amazon and it hasn't arrived
0	as a matter of fact i work for amazon !
1	Do you?
1	"Well I know Amazon is all over, so where are you from?"
0	our location is in ADDRSLOT 
1	North Carolina!
1	Where at?
1	I got a sister from down there
0	by ADDRSLOT how about you
1	My sister is from Cary!
0	"nice , i can probably look up your order if you like"
1	Let's make sure you're authentic.
1	I can't be too careful.
0	yeah man i got nothing but time 
1	"So NAMESLOT, what's your full name man?"
0	I just go by the name of NAMESLOT
1	Well that's odd.
1	Is there another way I can reach you?
0	i can look up your order with the billing address that was used 
1	"Alright, is there a number I can reach you at in case this chat disappears?"
0	i dont have a number currently i only chat on messanger 
1	You sure?
0	"positive good sir , i can look up your order with the credit card aswell"
1	"My daughter ordered it, so let me call her right quick."
0	"take your time , we always strive for good customer service "
1	She said she needs a phone number to call.
1	She don't trust computers.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello NAMESLOT, this is NAMESLOT with Amazon."
0	I was wondering if you would review your recent Amazon transaction by taking a short survey.
0	Interested?
1	"Sure, no problem"
0	Great!!
0	Did your package arrive on time?
1	"No, I haven't received it at all"
0	"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that?"
0	Has your credit card been charged?
1	"Yes, it was charged when I made the purchase"
0	I can check your order now if you would like.
1	"Sure, that would be great"
0	Ok give me one moment.
1	Okay
0	There is an error with your info.
0	Can you give me the CVS number please?
1	The CSV number?
0	On the back of the card you used to pay for the order.
1	I think the credit card info was correct because the charge went through
0	That can happen.
0	It's something on Amazon's side.
0	We have 336.
0	Is that correct?
1	"No, that's not it."
1	Did my order get canceled?
0	"No not canceled, just waiting for payment."
0	I can fix the problem now if you like.
1	Yeah can you have them send my order since the payment went through?
0	Yes this is an easy fix!
0	Please give me the credit and CVS number again.
1	Maybe you can just refund my order and I can try a different card
0	Great.
0	I still need both numbers to issue a refund.
0	It hasn't cleared on our side yet.
1	It sounds like something I need to call my bank about then
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, is this NAMESLOT?"
1	May I ask with whom I'm speaking?
0	"This is NAMESLOT, with Amazon. "
1	"Hello, NAMESLOT."
1	"Yes, this is NAMESLOT."
0	We see something strange going on with your Amazon account.
0	Can you recall your latest purchase?
1	I can yes.
1	Can I ask what you're seeing on your end?
0	"I'm seeing a recent charge, but no listing of the item or merchant."
1	Interesting.
1	I unfortunately don't have my recent order number with me at this time. 
0	"Our concern is that you and other users are receiving ""phantom charges."""
1	Are you able to verify my information which is attached to the order? 
0	We would need your credit card and billing info to find the reason for the charge.
1	"I'm sorry, what department were you from again, NAMESLOT?"
0	"Amazon Customer Service, I can give you'd rather discuss over the phone."
1	I'm not sure why you would need my card number to verify my info.
0	"Your card is being charged through our system, and we need to find out why."
1	"Ok, let me get your phone number really quick."
0	Thank you.
0	PHONESLOT.
0	"Again, my name is NAMESLOT."
1	Thank you.
1	"I'm sorry, it looks like I left my card at the office."
0	It happens.
0	"When you can get a hold of it, please call us."
1	Maybe there's another way we can look into it.
1	What was the red flag?
0	Our software warns us when a processed order lacks proper invoice data.
1	"Ok, what was the last purchase that you can see?"
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, welcome to amazon customer service, how can I help?"
1	i am inquiring about an order that has not arrived
0	What is your order number?
1	i cant find my order number
0	"No problem, can I get your name and account number?"
1	where can i find my account number at?
0	It should be on the account page upper left drop down menu
1	hmm i dont see the account number there
0	"Ok, can I get your credit card number with name?"
1	before I give that out do you have a rep id or a name please?
0	"Yes, NAMESLOT"
1	NUMSLOT my name is NAMESLOT
0	"Thank you, expiration date, csv number and billing address, please"
1	DATESLOT CSVSLOT ADDRSLOT
0	Thank you.
0	I am looking up information now.
0	What did you order?
1	i ordered a heater
0	"Ok, your name is NAMESLOT, found you."
0	One moment please. 
1	okay no problem
0	Thank you for waiting....
1	youre welcome
0	Verify your phone number please.
1	my phone number is PHONESLOT
0	Thank you
1	no problem
0	You ordered a heater I see and it is delayed but will arrive within 24 hours. 
1	do you have a tracking number for that?
0	"I don't but will get one emailed to you, thank you"
1	should I contact you tomorrow if it dont receive it?
1	no
	
0	Hello my name is NAMESLOT. 
1	what are you calling about
0	I am calling from Amazon Customer Service.
0	We had a problem processing your order. 
1	I was wondering why I hadn't received it
0	 I just need you to verify your Credit card number
1	"Okay, tell me the number you have and I'll verify it"
0	We have on file your visa ending in 6632.
0	I need you to verify the whole numbers.
1	"that is incorrect, not even close."
1	I'll go fix it online
0	NAMESLOT I can fix it for you while I got you on the phone.
1	I do not give my credit card information out on the phone
0	Ok I understand can i get you to verify your billing address. 
1	Tell me what you have and I'll verify it
0	NAMESLOT I can't tell you that would not help me verify who you are.
1	How do I verify who you are
0	My name is NAMESLOT I work at ADDRSLOT
1	"Okay, give me the customer service number there, and I'll call you back"
0	PHONESLOT extension 232
1	"Okay, we can hang up and I'll return the call"
0	Ok sure but all your packages are on hold.
0	I can fix it now for you
1	I only have one order waiting and I can check myself on line
0	I see that one order but also you have items that are Recurring delivery 
1	You are incorrect.
1	I have just one order and will check it online
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is NAMESLOT."
0	How can I help you?
1	Hello NAMESLOT I bought a Heater and it has not arrived
0	I apologize!
0	Let me find out what the issue is.
1	thank you
0	Who am I speaking with today?
1	NAMESLOT
0	Hello NAMESLOT.
0	"And for security purposes, what is the shipping address?"
1	ADDRSLOT
0	Great.
0	And is this also the billing address?
1	the same as the shipping address
0	Excellent.
0	Now what is the billing information used in this order?
1	I don't feel comfortable giving out that information.
1	Don't you have it on file?
0	No unfortunately I do not.
0	But I assure you that I am Amazon Customer Service staff.
1	Where are you located NAMESLOT if you don't mind me asking?  
0	"Sure, we are located in ADDRSLOT."
1	and what is a call back number I could use in case of more questions?
0	"Yes, PHONESLOT, is the Amazon.com Customer Service phone number."
1	Ok why is my billing info needed to locate my heater?
0	To verify that you are in fact NAMESLOT.
0	This is for security purposes.
1	Ok you have my address what else is required?
0	The card information used to purchase the item.
1	I can give you my telephone number instead for identity purposes
0	Unfortunately I need the card information.
0	"Over the phone, they will ask for the same."
1	My credit card number is NUMSLOT
0	Thank you.
0	And the expiration date please.
1	I have dealt with an amazon rep previously and no further info is required
0	Unfortunately I cannot go any further without this information.
1	ok whats your last name NAMESLOT?
0	My last name is NAMESLOT.
1	are you sure you can't give me any information on my heater with the info provided?
0	I will forward your information to the Loss Prevention Team and someone will contact you.
1	thank you for your assistance
0	Thank you NAMESLOT.
0	Have a great day.
1	you do the same
1	yes
	
0	"Hi NAME, I'm INCOM_NAME and I'll be helping you with your Amazon order today."
1	Hello
0	Why are you reaching out to Amazon Customer Service?
1	My order from Amazon hasnot arrived.
0	I'm sorry about that.
0	"To look up your order, I will need your card info."
1	You can use my phone number to search the order
0	"Absolutely, let's try that."
0	"If you have an order #, that may work too."
1	"Actually, I don't have the order number"
0	That's okay.
0	Can you provide me with the phone number and address?
1	Phone number is REAL_PHONE
0	Searching for order...my system's having trouble finding it.
0	What other info can you provide?
1	My first name is INCOM_NAME
0	Last name NAME?
1	Yes
0	Can you verify your order with the billing address and last 4 digits of card?
1	last 4 digits of card is INCOM_NUM
0	Thank you!
0	And what is the billing address on the order?
1	I don't give billing address on chat
0	"Sir, I'm afraid I'm unable to locate your order without more information."
1	What is your name?
0	My name is INCOM_NAME.
1	Did you find my order in your system?
0	I have not.
0	I apologize for the inconvenience.
1	Are you from Aamzon Customer Service department?
0	"Yes, and I would like to help, but I need the billing address"
1	Okay
0	Can you send me your billing address?
1	sure
0	"Great, what is your billing address?"
1	Can I call your number to verify you are from Amazon customer service department?
1	yes
	
0	Hello
1	hi there
0	My name is FAKE_NAME and I'm with Amazon Customer Service
0	Is this NAME?
1	Yes it is
0	"There is a problem with your recent order, NAME."
1	What seems to be the problem?
0	"Unfortunately, the Credit Card we have on file for you seems to be expired."
1	It should still be active
0	Perhaps the problem was on our end.
0	Could you verify the 16 digit CC number?
1	Well its still active so just not sure why you need the number again?
0	"If you could verify the number, we can check to see where the error is."
1	"Im not sure I feel comfortable doing that, is there another way?"
0	Handling it online may take 2 weeks.
0	I can solve the problem now.
1	Who are you again?
0	"I'm FAKE_NAME, with Amazon Customer Service."
1	May I speak to your manager NAME?
0	Certainly
0	please hold for my supervisor.
1	Sounds good
0	Hello NAME.
0	I am FAKE_NAME in Tier 2 support.
0	How may I help you?
1	I bought a heater on Amazon.com and it still hasnt arrived
0	I see.
0	I apologize for the delay.
1	Thats no problem
0	Thank you for your understanding.
0	There seems to be an error with your payment.
1	My payment info seems up to date though
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi NAME, It's INCOM_NAME here from Amazon customer support."
0	How are you?
1	fine
0	"We are processing your refund and just want to clarify some information, OK?"
1	sure NAME.
1	How are you?
0	"Doing well thanks, NAME."
0	If you could please clarify your full shipping address please
1	"please tell me, what is this refund is about"
0	It says you requested a refund from Amazon and we are trying to process it
1	i don't recall requesting a refund.
0	I have it in our ticketing system.
0	"You are NAME, correct?"
1	could you please give me specific information about what refund are you processing ?
0	Unfortunately customer service doesn't have access to order records without being provided them
1	you do have the amount to be refunded and to what?
0	"Again, I am in customer service without that information, I just approve or deny refunds"
1	on what basis you approve or deny refunds?
0	To approve if requests are from the genuine purchaser.
0	"You did purchase from Amazon recently, yes?"
1	that is exactly what i am trying to know
0	It is my knowledge that you have recently made a purchase from us
1	what did i buy and for how much
0	"I do not have access to order information, sir."
0	I am a customer service rep
1	how do i know that you are from Amazon customer service?
0	I am connecting from you from our HQ in INCOM_ADDR
1	your number is not identifying you
0	If you provide us with a cellphone number I can have my supervisor contact you directly
1	"please tell me, why are you not calling from an identifiable number?"
1	yes
	
0	Hi!
0	This is INCOM_NAME.
0	I am here to help.
1	"Hi NAME, this is INCOM_NAME."
1	I'm calling regarding an item that I ordered a while back.
1	It hasn't arrived yet.
0	Am I chatting with NAME?
1	Yes this is INCOM_NAME.
0	FAntastic!
0	"Ok, I'll need a little information to help track the order."
1	Ok.
1	It should already be showing on my account.
0	I do have your account pulled up however it is missing some details
1	Hmmm like what?
0	It appears that the credit card information is missing details to complete the purchase.
1	That's kind of weird.
1	What details?
0	It shows you used a Master Card and the card was denied
1	Oh.
1	It's a VISA.
1	If you try running it again it should work.
0	NAME would you please verify that you are at ADDR
1	No that's not correct.
1	What was your name again?
0	This is REAL_NAME
1	Thanks REAL_NAME.
1	Try looking up my account again.
1	REAL_NAME.
0	I have your account up on the screen.
0	Please provide your current address.
1	You should have it.....what is it showing again?
0	ADDR.
0	Please provide your address associated with your Visa.
1	I've never even lived there.
1	Where were you calling from again?
0	I am in INCOM_ADDR
1	"Is there a number that I can reach you at, in case we get disconnected?"
0	REAL_PHONE.
1	Thank you.
1	My address is in INCOM_ADDR
1	do you have that on record?
0	"I'm showing ADDR, Would you provide the correct address to update your transaction."
1	INCOM_ADDR.
0	"Great, now to complete your transaction could you please verify your Visa card number"
1	That's already on file.
1	Now when do you think my item will arrive?
1	Yes
	
0	"hello, I am calling to tell you that you are due a refund on you package"
1	what happened ?
1	I didnt get it yet
0	There was a issue with delivery and our drivers.
0	you are due a refund
1	I needed that package
0	we are refunding you money and giving out gift cards.
1	ok 
1	i want mine then
0	i would need some info to verifiy who you are
1	ok
0	I have you as NAME.
0	May I have you verifiy the address
1	well 
1	dont you have that ?
0	yes
0	but there are scammers out there and i have to make sure its you
1	you called me on my number so you should have that
0	yes but this could be anybody on your phone
1	whats your address ?
0	REAL_ADDR is my current location NAME
1	i do not want to give you any of my info this way
0	this is the only way to get your refund
1	well I can call amazon on my own to take care of this
0	I work for amazon and everybody in your area was affected by this delivery issue
1	what happened ?
0	one of our drivers ran off with all of the packages.
1	wow .
1	Thats funny that I never heard of that happening.
1	This is a small town
0	well it happened yesterday.
1	ok what is your name agian ?
0	REAL_NAME.
1	ok NAME.
1	I will call amazon and check you out to see if you are ligit
1	yes
	
0	"Hey NAME, Amazon Customer Service here."
0	How can I help you today?
1	"Hello, I have purchased a heater but it has not arrived."
0	"Ah, I hate when that happens."
0	Let me take a look into this for you.
1	Thank you.
0	Can you please confirm your name and billing address on file?
1	 My name is FAKE_NAME.
0	"By the way, if we get disconnected, my name is INCOM_NAME."
0	You can reach me at REAL_PHONE
1	My billing address is FAKE_ADDR.
0	Perfect.
0	It looks like that heater should have arrived already.
0	Let's get you a new one.
1	Thanks so much.
0	"You won't get billed for this new one, but please confirm your credit card info."
1	May I ask why I must confirm my credit card info?
1	I've already purchased the heater.
0	This is to confirm your account.
0	NAME doesn't appear to be the name on the account.
1	Oh!
1	I must have input the wrong name.
1	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	"For security purposes, please confirm your credit card info"
1	FAKE_NUM
0	Please confirm the CSV number and expiry date.
0	Don't worry - you won't get charged!
1	I believe I have input enough information to be able to confirm my account.
0	"Unfortunately, I'm not authorized to release a re-ship without that information"
1	"Can you tell me whereabouts you are located, NAME?"
0	I'm located in FAKE_ADDR.
1	And you are working for Amazon?
0	Yes.
0	On the customer support team.
0	"Can I help you with anything else, NAME?"
1	Just would like to receive my heater without any other complications.
1	Yes
	
0	Hello!
0	How may I help you?
0	Did you have a question about your recent transaction?
1	You called me.
1	Who are you?
0	My name is INCOM_NAME!
0	I'm here to help you with your Amazon purchase.
1	Why are you calling me?
0	I was told you had an issue with your last Amazon purchase
1	"Yes, but why are you calling me?"
0	"I work with Amazon Customer Service, I'm here to help with your billing issue."
1	"I have no billing issue, I am just waiting for my order"
0	You haven't received your order yet?
1	No.
1	I think I'll just cancel it
0	Would you like me to track it for you before you cancel it?
1	I can look that up on line
0	I have access to the post office's records and can see what's taking so long.
1	Where are you calling from?
0	The Amazon Customer Service headquarters in INCOM_ADDR.
1	What is the phone number?
0	REAL_PHONE
1	and your full name?
0	"REAL_NAME, with Amazon Customer Service"
1	"Well, Mr. NAME, I can look up what I need on line"
0	If you send me your billing address I can tell you why your package hasn't arived.
1	If they had already shipped it I'd have a tracking link
0	I'm offering to see what's going on with the order.
1	I'll check it myself on my account.
1	It hasn't shipped yet
1	yes
	
0	Good morning.
0	Am I speaking with Mr. NAME?
1	"Yes, this is REAL_NAME."
0	I have information regarding your recent order on Amazon.
1	Yes.
1	My order has not arrived.
1	Do you have an ETA?
0	Can I verify your information first?
1	What information do you need?
0	What is the address that the order was supposed to be shipped to?
1	INCOM_ADDR
0	Did you use an amazon gift card or a credit card for this purchase?
1	Credit Card
0	Can you verify your card number so I can look up the order further?
1	"Last four numbers are INCOM_NUM, expiration REAL_DATE"
0	It looks like the order was returned to the warehouse for some reason.
1	"Will the order be resent, or will I receive a refund for my purchase?"
0	That is your choice.
0	Would you like the order resent or would you prefer a refund?
1	I would prefer the order be resent.
0	"Give me one minute, sir"
1	Sure.
0	"Sir, I just spoke to my supervisor and we want to fix this issue promptly for you"
1	That would be very helpful.
1	"Is there anything I need to do, on my end?"
0	"Well, we want to resend the item and refund you for your trouble"
1	Okay.
0	For the refund I need your full card number and CSV for verification
1	My information is already on the order.
1	Why do I need to re-enter my information?
0	I just need to verify we have the full card number correct for the refund
1	"Do you have a number I can call, instead?"
0	I do.
0	"It'll take longer for the refund, but FAKE_PHONE"
1	And who should I ask for?
0	REAL_NAME.
0	"Also, your order has been resent"
1	Thank you
0	Do you need help with anything else sir?
1	Do you have an ETA on the resent package?
0	I ordered fast shipping so it will take 2 days
1	"Then that will be all I need, at the moment."
1	No
	
0	Hey NAME this is INCOM_NAME from Amazon Customer Service.
0	How can I help you?
1	Hello Norm!
1	How are you today?
0	Good!
0	How are you?
1	I'm doing okay.
1	I made a purchase recently and im worried about the status
0	I can help you with that.
0	Can you confirm your full name and billing address for me?
1	 My name is REAL_NAME
0	And your billing address?
1	"The billing address is either Sacramento or INCOM_ADDR, i cant remember!"
0	Ok no problem.
0	What is the item you needed that status on?
1	Thank you!
1	the item i purchased was a personal heater
0	"Can you to confirm your credit card number, CSV number, and expire date on it"
1	Norm do you see my order yet?
1	I just want to check tracking.
0	I can get you that once you've confirmed that info for me
1	Well i do have my phone number if that helps?
1	My wallet is downstairs
0	" I need the credit card info used to make the purchase, otherwise i cant help you"
1	I just need tracking info sir.
1	I would hope that my account info would be enough right?
0	Nope
0	need that credit card info.
0	Its standard procedure
1	Well I can go get it for sure.
1	Where are you located out of NAME?
0	Lets keep this conversation focused on your order.
0	Do you have the info?
1	You should be able to find it with this: REAL_NAME REAL_PHONE
0	"Nope, specifically need that credit card info."
0	Otherwise i cant help you.
1	i am SURE its under REAL_ADDR
0	Only the credit card information is needed.
0	Please confirm
1	"You seem to be getting frustrated, but you have to understand my concerns here."
1	You called me
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi, is that NAME?"
1	May I ask who's calling?
0	"Good morning sir, this is REAL_NAME from amazon."
1	Oh!
1	How can I help you?
0	A number of customer orders didn't get dispatched due to a payment problem.
1	Ah yeah my heater hasn't arrived!
1	Do you know when I can expect it?
0	"Yes, that got stuck."
0	I can get it processed very quickly and you'll have it this week.
1	I would appreciate that!
1	Do you need anything from me?
0	Can I check the shipping address with you?
1	Sure
0	I just see the amazon address here - could you read your address to me?
1	You have the one for INCOM_ADDR right?
0	"I actually don't see it here, unfortunately"
1	"That's weird, that's my main address so it should be the first thing on there"
0	"Yes, it's only showing an amazon address, sometimes there's a snag in the system."
1	Is it showing any of my information or do i need to redo it all?
0	"I think we just need the address, then the payment details."
1	Ooh should I do it from the app so I can get a receipt?
0	I will be able to send the receipt to you after I process it here
1	My email address is showing up right?
1	I use it to login
0	I won't see it for security reasons but the system will mail you the receipt automaticall
1	So you don't have any of my information on file?
1	yes
	
0	"Good afternoon, Mr. NAME."
0	How may I assist you today?
1	"hi, i placed an order on amazon over a week ago and have still not received it"
0	I am so sorry to hear this.
1	ups was unable to assist me.
1	They suggested I contact you
0	No problem.
0	May I have your name and billing address to search for your order?
1	yes.
1	my name is REAL_NAME.
1	REAL_ADDR
0	I see you used your VISA ending with 8779.
0	Is this correct?
1	"no, that is incorrect."
0	This might explain the problem.
1	are you able to look up my order using my phone number?
0	"I can try that, yes."
1	REAL_PHONE. the money was already taken out of my bank.
0	That is very troubling.
0	I am attaching a tracker as we speak.
1	thank you.
0	NP.
0	"You did use a VISA card, correct?"
1	yes.
1	I paid with my visa ending in 8166.
0	Great!
0	"What is the expiration date on your card, Mr. NAME?"
1	FAKE_DATE
0	It was entered as DATE.
1	it still processed and the money was taken out
0	Weird.
0	A computer glitch.
0	I am going to cancel your previous charge.
1	my order processed.
1	that wasnt the problem.
1	I believe the shipment was lost
0	I want to delete the previous item and reorder it for you.
1	ok. who am i chatting with
1	yes
	
0	"Good morning, How are you?"
1	"I'm good, thx."
1	How about you?
0	Great thank you.
0	I'm here with Amazon Customer Support
1	I bought a heater on Amazon.com and it has not arrived.
0	"Yes, I see."
0	We need your Credit Card info again because the order didn't go through correctly.
1	Should I give it here?
0	That would work fine.
0	I can update the order from here
1	"ok, here is the number REAL_NUM"
0	"Also, CSV, name on the card, expire date, and billing address Please"
1	REAL_CSV
0	Name?
1	REAL_NAME
0	Expiration date?
1	REAL_DATE
0	Billing address?
1	REAL_ADDR
0	Ok great
0	I will update this
1	When will the heater arrive?
0	After I get this in it should be 2 days
1	ok thanks
0	Can I help with anything else?
1	no
0	"Great, thank you for contacting Amazon Support"
1	bye
1	No
	
0	"Hi, am I speaking to NAME?"
1	"yes, this is him."
1	May I ask who is calling
0	"Good morning, this is REAL_NAME from amazon.com order fulfilment centre."
1	"Oh, Hello Normal."
1	What can I do for you?
0	"Reading our status report, I see you placed an order but it hasn't shipped yet."
1	"Sorry, I have placed multiple orders which are you speaking of?"
0	I can't actually see the order contents from here
0	is there anything you're waiting on?
1	Like I said I ordered quite a bit.
1	I am thinking it was a cooling unit
0	Thanks.
0	"If I can update the account details, I can get it shipped to you."
1	I am having issues with my cell.
1	Can I get a call back number if we disconnect?
0	Of course
0	it's REAL_PHONE
1	Thanks
0	Which card would you like to use?
1	Whichever you have on file is fine with me but I already updated online.
0	"I think something hasn't worked online, but we can fix that over the phone."
1	I need to find my card.
1	It may take a minute.
1	Where is your call center located?
0	We're at REAL_ADDR
1	I bet it is nice weather in NC.
0	It's beautiful here!
0	How about with you?
1	It is rainy today and hot.
1	Still pretty though.
0	"Hey, that's OK, isn't it."
0	Did you find your card?
1	I think my wife has it with her.
1	I am sorry.
1	no
	
0	Hi.
0	I'm INCOM_NAME with Amazon's Distribution Center.
0	How may I help you?
1	Hello NAME I'm REAL_NAME how are you today?
0	"I'm doing very well, thank you for asking."
0	How did you enjoy your recent Amazon purchase?
1	"Well I'm very excited to use it, it hasnt seemed to arrive just yet"
0	May I please have you verify a few pieces of account information to better assist you?
1	Yes but first can you tell me where the package was shipped to.
0	What is the name and billing address on the account for this order?
1	REAL_NAME.
1	"I forgot the address, I don't know which vacation home its for"
0	I just need the billing address for now.
0	Then I can verify the address of the shipment.
1	I can't remember.
1	Can I call you back with it?
0	I can look this information up with your payment info if that's easier.
1	"No, but I'll call you after I ask my wife."
1	What's the best number to reach you?
0	Sure.
0	It is REAL_PHONE.
0	Thank you Mr. NAME.
1	the address is in INCOM_ADDR.
1	try and see if thats enough info
0	"Is this the City and State for the billing address, sir?"
1	Yes it is.
1	Where is my package right now?
1	the tracking number wont work.
0	The tracking # I have on file is 2343reesr.
0	Is this correct?
1	yes it is!
1	How many days until the heater arrives?
0	It is being delayed due to bad weather.
1	"Alright, So where are you calling from?"
1	I want to praise your customer service!
0	I am in INCOM_ADDR.
0	Would you like a replacement sent to you sooner?
1	would it be at any extra charge?
1	Yes
	
0	Hello.
0	How are you today?
1	"I'm fine, who is this?"
0	"This is INCOM_NAME from Amazon Customer Service center, I'm trying to get in contact with NAME"
1	Speaking
0	"Yes, I would like to inquire about your recent Amazon.com transaction."
1	It still hasn't arrived
0	Sorry to hear that.
0	Can I have your credit card information to review the issue.
1	Why would you need my credit info?
0	With your credit card information I can refund you for shipment issues.
1	I can cancel it online myself
0	Correct however we are willing to give you an extra compensation for not supplying you the product
1	I would prefer store credit
0	We would still need your card information to transfer that to store credit.
0	It won't take long
1	You should have all that information on my account
0	Yes
0	but we need you to send it again to confirm
1	I can do that online.
1	What is your full name?
0	Yes you can.
0	My full name is REAL_NAME.
1	Then I'll go on Amazon and take care of it myself.
1	Thanks
0	It would be a lot faster to do it right now
1	I prefer to do it myself.
1	Where are you calling from?
0	I'm calling from INCOM_ADDR
1	and the phone number?
0	REAL_PHONE
1	Have you worked for Amazon long?
0	Yes for quite some time and I have great customer satisfactory
1	Well
1	I thank you fo your time.
1	I'll go fix this on line
0	Are you sure?
0	I can do this right now and you'll have extra store credit too
1	No thank you
0	Okay.
0	Well I can throw in an extra offer in too
1	"No, not interested"
0	Alright.
0	We also have a 500 dollar gift card as well
1	What is the address of your office
0	Yes if you give my credit card information I can give you that address
1	Is there some reason you don't want me to have the address?
0	No I just want to help you
1	Then what is the address there
0	REAL_ADDR
1	I'm looking at my account now.
1	I can do this myself
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, is the NAME?"
1	"Yes, that's me."
0	I'm INCOM_NAME from Amazon.
0	We're calling to refund your recent purchase.
1	The space heater?
1	I've been expecting it and it hasn't arrived yet.
0	"Yes, it is out of stock, so we are refunding the purchase."
1	Okay.
1	I didn't realize Amazon called to give refunds.
1	I ordered online.
0	Can you please confirm the delivery address?
1	That hasn't changed.
1	It's what I entered online two weeks ago.
0	Thank you.
0	And the card you used was the one ending in 8506?
1	I don't recall and don't have it with me.
1	Just refund it to the same card.
0	"There are multiple cards on your account, so we need to know which one."
1	I'm just nervous about giving me card# on the phone.
1	Where are you calling from?
0	I'm INCOM_NAME from Amazon Customer Service.
1	Where?
1	In Seattle?
0	"No, in FAKE_ADDR."
0	Are you in Seattle?
0	I enjoyed my visit there.
1	"No, I just thought Amazon was in Seattle."
1	I'd rather call in to give info.
0	I understand.
1	Could I get your phone number?
0	Yes
0	it is FAKE_PHONE
1	Thanks.
1	And you said you are in New York?
0	FAKE_ADDR.
0	This is one of Amazon's Customer Service centers.
1	Oh
1	thanks NAME.
1	I'll look for my card and call back.
0	OK. Goodbye.
1	Bye-yah
1	No
	
0	Hello NAME
1	hello
0	How are you doing today?
1	i am doing well
0	"I'm glad to hear it, I'm doing well also."
1	my heater has not arrived yet
0	"I'm sorry to hear that, I'll try to help you out."
1	thnak you.
1	what's your name
0	my name is INCOM_NAME
1	thank you NAME.
1	what is going on
0	"Let's verify your mailing address, maybe that's the problem"
1	"you should have that info already, i gave it to someone already earlier"
0	"Would you mind giving it to me as well, our system has been acting up lately."
1	"if that is the case, can i have your full name and number"
0	Sure thing
0	"NAME, what are your concerns?"
1	"in case we get disconnected, i want ot get back in touch"
0	"Oh, I see."
0	"The number here is REAL_PHONE, and again my name is REAL_NAME."
1	thank you
0	No problem.
0	So what was your address again?
1	what is the address you are calling from
0	"NAME, I can't help you locate your heater if you don't give me your address."
1	"every time i ever had an issue, i was never asked my address"
0	Have you lost a package before?
0	I need your address inorder to locate it.
1	"yes, usually my account is already up and they see"
1	yes
	
0	Hi my name is INCOM_NAME
1	Hello NAME
0	What is your name
1	My name is REAL_NAME
0	What can I help you with today?
1	"I ordered a heater on Amazon, and its still not here yet"
0	I'd be happy to check for you.
0	Please provide your Amazon Acct Number
1	My account number is 946285973629
0	Okay thank you.
0	I am able to see now that the card information was declined.
1	Oh and why is that?
0	The exp date was entered incorrectly.
0	Please provide correct card information in order to proceed
1	And who am I speaking with today again?
0	INCOM_NAME with Amazon customer service regarding account number 946285973629
1	May I speak with your manager?
1	Just don't feel comfortable giving
0	Hello I am the highest supervisor and I will help if you provide card info
1	"I just am not really sure this is Amazon, is there anyway you can confirm?"
0	Yes my number is REAL_PHONE REAL_ADDR
1	And your name is?
0	REAL_NAME but you can call me INCOM_NAME
1	I thought I was speaking to the manager?
0	"I REAL_NAME, am the manager, I have been in this department for over 20 years"
1	Ok one moment for my information
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, this is REAL_NAME, with Amazon."
1	"Hi there, my names REAL_NAME."
0	"Hi NAME, how are you this evening?"
1	" I'm good, thank you."
1	I bought a heater on Amazon and it hasn't arrived.
0	Can you verify your billing address for the account please?
1	REAL_ADDR
0	What was the name on the card you used?
1	REAL_NAME
0	What about the credit card number you used?
1	Is there a way to just search my name?
1	That's a little personal.
0	I'm searching your name and address and not finding any heater purchase.
1	"Hmm , what location are you from?"
1	Maybe that's the issue.
0	I am in INCOM_ADDR.
1	"Oh okay, what's the phone number there?"
1	I'll check my receipt.
0	It is REAL_PHONE
1	Thanks.
1	Doesn't seem to match.
1	"Did you say your name was ""NAME""?"
0	"Yes, that is correct."
1	I could give you my phone number to search.
0	That would be very helpful.
1	REAL_PHONE
0	"I'm sorry, Mr. NAME."
0	I am not finding a purchase under that number either.
1	Very strange.
1	This doesn't seem right at all.
0	When did you make your purchase?
1	2-Dec-18
0	You paid with a credit card or gift card?
0	Under your account?
1	Credit card
0	Would you perhaps have the expiration date to check with?
1	"Didn't think it was possible to check with that, but REAL_DATE."
0	"I see the purchase on 12/2, but there is no heater."
1	What was the purchase of?
0	This shows a pair of earbuds and a cell phone cover.
1	Can you see if it got cancelled and moved to my cancelled orders?
1	Yes
	
0	Good evening.
0	how can i help you?
1	"hi, my heater hasn't arrived was wondering what's going on"
0	"before we start, can I get your name and phone number please?"
1	sure 
1	it's REAL_NAME - REAL_PHONE
0	great!
0	thank you NAME.
0	When did you place the order?
1	It's been two weeks
0	I'm sorry to hear that.
0	Have you tried to contact the company of your issue?
1	Am I not talking to Amazon?
0	Yes.
0	You are talking to Amazon rep right now.
0	customer can email the owner as well.
1	"I figured since I was buying from amazon, amazon could help me"
0	Definitely.
0	i'm more than happy to offer help.
0	What mail address did you provide?
1	just my amazon login info... REAL_NAME@gmail.com
0	i'm sorry.
0	What was the mailing address you provided for this order
1	can you see me account?
1	INCOM_ADDR
0	No.
0	I don't have that access to your account information.
1	Could I have your name and office phone number?
0	Of course.
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	My branch is located in INCOM_ADDR.
1	what's your branch's phone number?
0	You will need to call Amazon customer service only.
1	"okay, I'll call customer service"
0	Please make sure your card is not charged.
1	"I will, just want to know where my toaster is"
0	I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
0	You can contact the owner or call us back.
1	"No problem, I'll call the 1 800 number, thank you"
0	Is there anything else I can help with?
1	no that's all
0	Good.
0	You have a good evening.
1	you too
1	no
	
0	Hello.
0	How are you?
1	"Hi, I'm ok my order has not arrived"
0	Ok.
0	I can help you.
0	May i have your first and last name?
1	REAL_NAME
0	Ok. Do you have the order number and card number
1	Where are you calling me from please?
0	Amazon Customer Service team
1	I don't have my order number.
1	INCOM_NUM
0	Okay.
0	and could i have the expiration date and CSV number on the back.
1	Can you not find the order from my name?
0	No I cannot unfortunately.
0	I need more information.
1	Where are you based?
0	INCOM_ADDR
1	I don't have the card with me.
1	Give me a number to call back on
0	REAL_PHONE
1	And who should I ask for?
0	REAL_NAME
1	What shifts do you work?
0	First Shift
1	So what time tomorrow should I call you back?
0	9 AM'
1	PST?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello NAME,  Welcome to Amazon chat support my name is INCOM_NAME  opid: 8675365 , and I would like to talk with you on your recent purchase from our site."
1	"Hi NAME, I purchased a space heater to my address and it hasn't arrived yet."
0	Ah yes that is what we need to talk about
1	Do you have any information for me?
0	According to our records we over charged you
1	By how much?
0	"Well actually the whole price, as the heater is in recall"
1	Since when?
0	We received a recall notice from manufacturer and had to pull it from stock
1	I'm asking when you received this recall notice.
0	"It was last January 2017, but we never purged the item from inventory"
1	Why did it take you so long to inform me?
0	"We are sorry and wish to make amends, all we have to do is verify your info"
1	I don't have my info right now.
0	If you can get the card you used for purchase (or bank info) we can refund today
1	Can I reach you at your number when I have time to give my info?
0	"Currently only our dept is handling this request, and we are offering a $75 giftcard"
1	I'll need a phone number that I can reach at a later time.
0	"REAL_PHONE Please ask for NAME,"
1	What is the headquarter location I will be directed to?
0	REAL_ADDR
1	"Thanks NAME, I'll be sure to inquire further when I have time."
1	Yes
	
0	Hello
1	Hi
0	How are you today?
1	Not too bad
0	I'm hearing you haven't received your heater yet?
1	"yes, I thought I would have received it by now"
0	One moment please while I look up your order
1	ok 
1	thank you
0	Can I have your name please?
1	"I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name either."
0	"REAL_NAME with Amazon Customer Service, and you?"
1	How much do you know about heaters?
1	what if I wanted to change my order?
0	I can forward you to my manager in the right department if you would like?
1	Where are you and your manager located?
1	Can I have the direct number please?
0	"FAKE_ADDR, FAKE_PHONE"
1	thank you.
1	Do you have any experience with heaters though?
0	I do not personally no
1	"shoot, I could really use some advice"
0	May I have your order description along with credit card number for authorization?
1	I hope this heater is worth the wait
1	yes
	
0	"Hello Mr. NAME, I see you recently bought something on Amazon?"
0	I'm happy to help!
1	Hi
0	Welcome to Amazon Customer Service?
0	What can I help you with?
1	how are you doing today?
0	I
1	Sorry i didnt get you... May i know you full name and your location pls
0	I'm INCOM_NAME.
0	I see you recently bought something on Amazon.
0	Is that correct?
1	 Can you please let me know you call back phone number and your location pls
0	I'm with Amazon Customer Service staff.
0	You can reach us at REAL_PHONE
1	you are from which location?
0	"Sir, if you don't have a problem with Amazon, there's nothing I can do for you."
1	but i am curious wanted know location you are sitting and assisting
0	Did you have a problem with your recent package or with your Amazon account Mr. NAME?
1	yes i do have problem
0	And what may that be?
1	its related to package.. can u let me know ur location pls
0	What is your name and billing address for me to pull up your account Mr. NAME?
1	i can give by the way from which location you are assisting
0	I'm located in INCOM_ADDR.
0	I need the information to find your account.
1	Done
0	Mr. NAME?
1	Thanks.. now i got the package.. thanks for your assistance
1	No
	
0	Hello how may  I help you toda
1	hi i bought a heater on amazon.com and it hasn't arrived yet
0	What is your Amazon order number
1	i dont have one
0	okay that is werid.....Can I have your zip code and name
1	my name is INCOM_NAME and my zip code is INCOM_ADDR
0	Okay thanks..
0	I still can't find it may I have your full address
1	REAL_ADDR
0	Are you sure you place an order?
1	yes I am sure
0	I can't find it and with out a traking number I cant help
1	would anything else
0	I need your card info and I can place the oder for you
1	how about my last name i forgot to send that?
1	its INCOM_NAME
0	Okay I still can't find it
1	what was your name btw?
0	INCOM_NAME
1	nice to meet you NAME sorry bit rude of me can i get your phone number?
0	if you give me yours
1	i figured i would just call so i can give you my card info don't trust online
0	REAL_PHONE okay what is yours
1	youll see it when i call you is there going to be long distance charges?
0	no you have to do that
1	what im calling you im asking if theres long distance charges
0	no there is not
0	sorry miss understood
1	where do you live cause I my plan doesn't support it and it will cost me alot
0	INCOM_ADDR
1	ohh i love ADDR such a beautiful state
0	yes I love it too.
1	do you live in charlotte the NASCAR hall of fame is amazing if not you must go
0	I see what you are doing.
0	No I don't.
0	I will go there soon
1	what am i doing sorry NAME and yes must see i love NASCAR
0	You are trying to get info on me.
1	just worried NAME i've never given my card info before
1	Yes
	
0	Hello
1	Hi.
0	May I have your full name please?
1	Why do you need my full name?
0	For your account lookup and verification
1	What account?!?
0	You are awaiting an Amazon package that hasn't arrived right?
1	"Oh yes, I ordered something from Amazon... but you contacted me, so you should know my information!"
0	Yes but we need to verify the account owner
1	You contacted me without knowing who you were contacting?
1	What's your name?
0	REAL_NAME with Amazon Customer Service
1	Hi NAME.... where are you located?
0	FAKE_ADDR
1	And what's your phone number in case we get disconnected?
0	FAKE_PHONE
1	"Ok, what product are you saying hasn't arrived."
1	I ordered alot and haven't checked my deliveries.
0	A heater ordered from Amazon.com on December 8th
1	Oh ok.
1	that may be something I ordered.
0	And your name please?
1	What's the credit card number you have on file?
0	Its showing the payment was declined due to expiration
1	Oh no!
1	Do you have the last four digits of the card?
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is INCOM_NAME"
1	hi I am REAL_NAME
0	nice to meet you!
0	Are you looking for a refund or return?
1	where are you calling from?
0	INCOM_ADDR.
1	company?
0	I am an Amazon Customer Specialist.
1	I ordered a heater and it has not arrived yet
0	I see.
0	What is your zip code?
1	INCOM_ADDR
0	What is your email?
0	I would like to look up your order.
1	tasker@gmail.com
0	Thank you NAME.
0	I see that the item should have arrived by now.
1	yes that is why we are chatting
0	Would you like a refund or a new heater sent to you?
1	I would like a new heater sent
0	I can do that.
0	please confirm your address.
1	REAL_ADDR
0	"Thank you, please confirm the card on your account."
1	I do not feel comfortable in giving that information out
0	I understand.
0	Can you confirm the last four digits of the card and exp date?
1	why is there a need for this I have already paid for the heater
0	I need to confirm the card that was used.
0	I cannot further the process without this information.
1	INCOM_NUM
0	Is the shipping address the same as your billing?
1	yes
0	"Great, thank you."
0	I can process this for you.
0	Have a good day
1	how long will it be till it arrives I would like next day shipping please
0	you selected 3 day shipping.
0	I cannot change the shipping speed without your CC#
1	ok thank you for your time
1	no
	
0	"Hello NAME, what did you buy on amazon?"
1	Im sorry?
1	Who is this?
0	"I am REAL_NAME, I am an amazon customer service staff member"
1	why are you calling me?
0	There has been a problem with your card
1	well which one did i use?
0	I am trying to figure that out myself.
0	Your transaction didn't go through fully
1	are you calling from the shipment center?
0	I am calling from amazon headquarters actually
1	where is that located?
1	i fill it may be easier to just cancel my order.
0	"I could fix the order for you, I just need more information"
1	is there a number i can call you back on when i locate my card?
0	"yes, my number is REAL_PHONE."
0	Could you give me name and address?
1	You already said my name.
1	who is this how did you get my number?
0	I would like last name as well.
0	I am amazon customer service representative
1	"you dont know what i ordered, my name or my info, thats weird"
0	"Ah, I'm sorry I misread it your last name is NAME"
1	it is not.
1	how did you get my number?
0	there's been a malfunction with the systems.
0	Your order is messed up
1	"My name last name is not INCOM_NAME, i think you my have the wrong person."
0	"Oh, it's not?"
1	"its not, and while im on the line i think id rather just cancel the order"
1	yes
	
0	"Hi NAME, I'm calling from Amazon."
1	Thanks for your call my heater has not arrived
0	Let me try to help you with that.
1	That would be great thanks
0	I think I see the problem
1	Great can you tell me what the problem is?
0	The credit card you were using to pay was declined
1	"Oh no, that is terrible news"
0	"Perhaps, you entered some of the information wrong."
0	I can check it for you.
1	"Great, please pull up my account based on my phone number"
0	I have your account opened.
0	Do you have the card you were trying to use?
1	"Yes, it is the same number as the one assigned to my account"
0	"Okay, I'll read it to you and you tell me if that's correct, okay?"
1	Great!
0	"NUM, is that right?"
1	That doesn't seem to be my credit card number
0	That is the number on the account.
0	Would you like me to correct it for you?
1	"Its more secure to email, what is your Amazon email address?"
0	It would take longer to do it by e-mail which would further delay your delivery
1	Are you able to confirm you are an amazon employee before i give you my info?
0	What kind of information would you like me to give you to confirm>
1	Your name and your supervisor's name as well as your email address
0	My name is FAKE_NAME
1	"Thanks Jesse, do you have an amazon employee ID or email address?"
1	Yes
	
0	hello is this mr NAME im speaking with ?
1	You are speaking with FAKE_NAME.
0	hello tiffany is mr NAME avaliable ?
1	Did you buy some thing this week?
0	this is in regards to his amazon delivery we spoke about is he available ?
1	Did you buy a heater?
0	if you can provide the card number i can re route for delivery
1	REAL_NUM
0	ok let me refrence it and i need the CSV number
1	REAL_CSV
0	ok it will be delivered on time can you provide address
1	REAL_ADDR
0	great is this the same billing address
1	yeah
0	i also need the exp date of card
1	Yeah I  see REAL_DATE  want the phone number.
0	sure and the name on card
1	REAL_NAME
0	ok great thank you
1	You welcome
0	have a great day
1	You too.
0	nice talking to you
1	It was nice talking to you too.
1	no
	
0	"Hi, I am INCOM_NAME, with Amazon."
0	I understand you're having issues placing your order.
1	"Hi NAME, nice to meet you!"
1	"Yes, I bought a heater on Amazon and it has not arrived yet."
0	"Ok, Mr NAME."
0	Could you please provide me with your card number?
1	"Yes, the credit card number that I used for the order is REAL_NUM."
0	Thank you.
0	"Now the CSV number, located on the back of your card."
1	I don't have the card on me and I can't recall the CSV.
0	"I need the CSV number, in order to continue, Mr. NAME."
1	"I have my confirmation number for the heater, would that help?"
0	No sir.
0	"I need the CSV number, along with the expiration date."
1	The card is at my mothers.
1	What's your number so I can call when i get it?
0	It's REAL_PHONE.
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
1	"Thank you, and how long will you still be available?"
0	"I will be available all day, Mr. NAME."
0	I'm here for you.
1	Thank you!
1	I will call you very shortly.
0	"Could you possibly call your mother, and have her give you the information?"
1	My mother is wheel chair bound and it would be difficult for her to look.
0	I'm sorry to hear that.
0	My mother is disabled as well.
1	Yes.
1	So getting her to move would be challenging.
1	I can provide you with my confirmation number.
0	"I would need the CSV number and expiration date to continue, Mr. NAME."
1	My mother lives far.
1	What state are you in so I can be considerate of time change.
0	I'm located in INCOM_ADDR.
0	You can call 24/7.
1	"Oh, you have busy nights!"
1	"Fantastic, thank you."
0	You're welcome.
0	"If I may ask, why does your mother have your credit card?"
1	I left it over on accident yesterday.
1	Yes
	
0	Hello NAME!
0	I am an Amazon representative.
0	I understand that you have recently purchased something online.
1	Hi!
1	I ordered a heater on Amazon and it has not come in yet.
0	"I apologize for the inconvenience, and I would be happy to fix that for you."
1	Okay
0	ould you please confirm the name/type of heater you purchased?
1	The Heatblaster 500 - the black portable one
0	"Perfect, thanks."
0	I am checking my records.
0	Could you please confirm your credit card number?
1	"Actually, it was the Digital Ceramic Tower Heater with Remote."
1	I got it confused.
0	No problem.
0	Are you still missing the Digital Ceramic Tower Heater?
1	"Yes, it still has not arrived."
0	"Ok, thanks."
0	I am checking my records.
0	Could you confirm your credit card number?
1	I purchased it on prime so that I could get it before the blizzard.
0	"Ok, thanks."
0	"For me to check your records, I need your credit card number on file."
1	Can you just look up my purchased via my account?
0	Let me check with my manager.
0	Can I have your full name and address?
1	My name is REAL_NAME.
1	My address is linked to my account as well.
0	I apologize I cannot access your account without your address and credit card number.
1	"Well, before I follow through with the purchase."
1	Is it a good heater?
0	"I have not used the heater myself, but I understand that it has very high ratings."
1	I saw that too.
1	Does it require an outlet or is it battery-operated?
0	"I apologize, as an Amazon account representative, I do not have that information."
1	I don't have time to return it now that it's late so I'm being selective
0	I thought it had not been delivered yet.
0	How may I help you?
1	It has not been delivered but I need to know it's right.
1	What is your name again?
1	yes
	
0	"Good afternoon NAME, thank you for contacting Amazon Customer Service about your purchase, My name is REAL_NAME and I am here to assist you"
1	"Hi NAME , nice to meet."
0	"Thank you, can you please give me information on the item purchased you would like assistance with?"
1	Could you check the delivery and shipping status of the item for me please?
0	"Yes, please give me the item and order number you are looking for"
1	The item is a heater.
0	Thank you
0	can you please provide the order number as well?
1	My order no is 5110430004448166
0	"Thank you, I looked up your order and it appears that it was damaged in shipping"
1	"Ok since that's not my fault, how can i be compensated?"
0	"We can either refund your purchase, or send out a replacement, please choose"
1	I would like a full refund please.
0	"Yes please provide CC#, expire date and address of CC for full refund including shipping?"
1	I would rather receive the refund through my paypal please.
0	"We can only provide refund through the purchase method, please verify CC# and address for refund"
1	My CC  has expired so won't be possible.
0	"I see, can you please confirm you are NAME?"
1	Yes correct.
0	Okay can you also confirm the expired credit card is NUM ?
1	Yes
0	"Can you also confirm expire date, CSV"
1	What for?Its expired.
0	Sir I need to confirm the details on the order as per my manager
1	Rather send a replacement of my item please.
0	"Yes sure, please confirm address for shipment so I know it matches order"
1	"Yes,address is REAL_ADDR"
1	yes
	
0	hello
1	Hello
0	"Hi, I'm with Amazon Customer Service"
1	I have a problem
0	I'm here to help
1	I bought a heater on Amazon
0	"Ok, that's great."
0	Let me get your name to help bring up your account
1	it has not arrived
0	Well let me check.
0	May I please have your name to bring up your account
1	are you with the service department?
0	"I am, my name is REAL_NAME and I work with customer service Amazon"
1	I am glad to have your help NAME.
0	If you give me your credit card that you used I can check your account
1	"Where is your office located, NAME?"
0	REAL_ADDR
1	Is ADDR in the mountains of ADDR?
0	Not far.
0	If you like to talk to my supervisor  call REAL_PHONE
1	How is the weather in ADDR today?
0	Its 65 and cloudy.
1	We have sunshine here but it is 45 degrees.
0	"That would be nice, where is that?"
1	On the west coast
0	"Well, I'm hoping that heater gets to you it's pretty cold."
1	I do not understand why it has not arrived.
0	"let me ask you, when did you order your heater."
1	Three weeks ago.
0	"Yeah, that's a problem."
0	Can I check your account
1	I will try and find my account number.
1	my desk is a mess
0	"Well, we can start with your name and address"
1	I am concerned that my heater did not arrive
0	I can pinpoint it's location if you give me permission to access your account
1	I am not sure if I should give you my information.
0	I understand.
0	You can't be too careful these days
1	I need your credentials at Amazon.
0	w2365.
0	My phone is REAL_PHONE.
1	Is this a number in the Amazon service department
0	no it's mine.
0	"Based on your number I see your name is Mr. NAME, correct?"
1	I need your credentials at Amazon
0	"I'm sorry, but I don't know what you mean."
0	Would you like a refund?
1	No I need my heater.
0	I can resend you a new one then.
0	Sorry for the inconvenience
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, is this NAME?"
1	Yes.
1	This is he.
0	"Mr. NAME, this is REAL_NAME calling from Amazon Customer Service."
0	It's about your recent order.
1	Yes.
1	Thank you NAME.
1	One of my orders has not arrived yet and I was getting worried.
0	"Yes, we had a problem with some info of a number of customers, not just you."
1	That is a relief.
1	Could you give me a status on my order please?
0	Suspended until you confirm on this call you still want it.
0	"Weird regulation, unfortunately."
1	I see.
1	That is very bizarre.
1	And how do I confirm?
0	"Just say ""yes,"" confirm you are NAME, and then I'll need your address again."
1	Yes my name is REAL_NAME.
1	My address is REAL_ADDR
0	Thank you.
0	And I'll also need your payment info again.
0	"MasterCard, VISA, AMEX..."
1	I can give you the last four digits of my credit card.
0	Go ahead...
1	My VISA ending with INCOM_NUM is the payment method I used for the order
0	Thanks.
0	Unfortunately I don't have the payment info since the suspension.
0	Can I have expiration date?
1	The exp date is REAL_DATE.
0	Thanks.
0	"It looks like our system requires the whole card number, not just last4."
1	I am sorry but is there any other way you can verify my payment method?
0	Sure!
0	"If you'd rather call in, my number is REAL_PHONE."
0	REAL_NAME is my name.
1	Okay.
1	And may I ask which items that I purchased that has been suspended?
0	The Amazon purchase.
0	"Sorry, I may have forgotten to mention."
1	And are you calling from Amazon customers services?
1	Or the shipping and handling department?
0	Amazon Customer Services.
0	We're in INCOM_ADDR
1	yes
	
0	Hello how are you today?
1	Good How are you
0	"Very good, I'm seeing you're having problems with your Amazon order?"
1	Yes I ordered a heater and it never came
0	"Ok I will look at your order here, one moment"
1	Take your time
0	May I have your name please?
0	First and last
1	REAL_NAME
0	And your address please?
1	REAL_ADDR
0	Awesome and your order was what exactly?
0	What item(s)?
1	a heater
0	It says here on your account that your credit card was declined
1	How can I fix that
0	It says here on your account that your credit card was declined
1	So how can I fix that?
0	What is your credit card number?
1	"What is your name, I would like to report this good support to your superior"
0	My name is REAL_NAME and I'm with Amazon Customer Support
1	"Thank you NAME, where would I go to notify your superior of this amazing support?"
0	"My manager can be contacted at FAKE_PHONE, her name is Ashley"
1	What is your phone number Mr. NAME?
1	I would love to talk to you
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, NAME"
1	Hi there!
1	May I ask who's speaking?
0	"Sorry, we have been having trouble with our system lately"
1	"That's okay, what are you calling about?"
0	"I'm INCOM_NAME, I work for Amazon customer service"
1	"Okay, I bought a heater a while ago and it hasn't arrived."
1	Can you help?
0	Definitely!
0	That's the reason i've called you.
0	Could you verify some information?
1	"Certainly, can you verify that you work for Amazon?"
0	"I can assure you that I work for Amazon, and that this is a secure line."
1	Can I get a callback number for this service line in case we get disconnected?
0	"We are having trouble with our system, as I mentioned earlier, I apologize"
1	That's why having a number to call back would be very good!
0	"Our phone system is down at the moment, that's the issue"
1	But we're speaking on the phone.
1	Do you have a location I could visit?
0	"We are an outsourced company, that works for Amazon"
1	What is the name of the company?
1	Is it verified by the BBB?
0	"Our company name is Service Centre ltd, and of course"
1	"What is the number of Service Centre ltd, in case I have questions?"
0	Direct calls are not possible.
0	You would need to contact Amazon directly first
1	"Okay, and what's your name?"
1	I'd like to mention your excellent customer service!
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	Could you verify some information about your order?
1	"Of course, I just have a few more questions for you."
0	"For security purposes, and In order to proceed further, I need some information"
1	"Where is your company located, NAME?"
1	What information do you need from me?
0	We are located in the USA.
0	What is the billing address used for the order?
1	And how are you associated with Amazon?
1	My billing zip is INCOM_ADDR.
0	We run a call centre for them.
0	"I will need your full address, sorry"
1	Why wouldn't I get contacted directly by the seller?
0	"Your order was fulfilled by Amazon, we sent out your order."
1	So you're are a call and shipping center that's contracted by Amazon?
0	Amazon sent out your order.
0	"I used ""we"" in error, I apologize"
1	Well I really just need to know if my heater is going to get here soon!
0	I'm here to help!
0	Could you please verify the CC number used for this order?
1	My credit card number is REAL_NUM
1	Yes
	
0	Hi NAME.
0	How are you today?
1	"i am good, how are you?"
0	I am doing well thanks.
0	How can I help you today?
1	I have bought a heater from Amazon and it has not arrived
0	Oh no!
0	Let me help you with that.
0	"Can you verify your first and last name, please?"
1	REAL_NAME
0	And can I get your billing address so that I can look up the order number
1	REAL_ADDR
0	One moment while I look up your order...
1	no worries
0	I found your order.
0	Can you verify some information for me?
1	sure
0	Your payment wasn't processed.
0	What is the credit card number of the card used?
1	do you not have that on the system?
0	Yes.
0	I need to verify the information here to be sure it was the correct card.
1	it's the card ending in 8166 I don't feel comfortable giving away my full card number
0	I understand.
0	Do you mind giving me the expiration date of the card?
1	Can I know who I am speaking to first
0	This is INCOM_NAME from Amazon Customer Service.
0	I am find why your package has not been received
1	"okay, are you at the Amazon headquarters?"
0	Yes.
0	I have your order summary here and it was flagged for incorrect payment information.
1	so the card details I entered was wrong then
0	Yes.
0	I need the number and exp date on card to expedite the shipping to you
1	can I not just re order the heater myself
0	We have the heater on hold in our system pending payment.
1	"Why do you need my expiry date, NAME?"
1	yes
	
0	Hi!
0	I'm INCOM_NAME from Amazon Customer Service how may I assist you?
1	Hi NAME.
0	What can I help you with today?
1	"I have an order not delivered, I'd like to have an update on that"
0	Sure thing!
0	"I just need your name, shipping address, and the item in question."
1	Sure.
1	Name: REAL_NAME; item: heater.
1	address: REAL_ADDR
0	"Okay, it looks like you purchased other items, did they all arrive?"
1	Are you sure?
1	That was the only item in the order.
0	I'm seeing multiple purchases that say they have been delivered
1	"Anyway, the item in question is the heater."
1	What is the status of the delivery?
0	I'm seeing your item(s) as delivered.
1	what are the other items you see?
0	Is it possible someone else picked up your package?
1	I don't think so.
1	Honestly I expected you to be more helpful
0	If you're missing your package it is possible we could offer you a refund.
1	Please.
0	"If you could enter your card number and expiration date, we'd be happy to refund the purchase."
1	"NAME, is there other way to proceed with this?"
0	This is a security measure to ensure it matches the card on file.
1	"I'd prefer to do the check using another method, via telephone for example"
0	Our call centre is currently backed up due to the Holidays.
1	Ouch.. is it snowing there or just vacations?
1	yes
	
0	Hello we are just confirming a order you had on Amazon to make sure we provide good quality service.
1	yes i ordered a hearer from you guys and it hasn't arrived
0	Yes there was an error that day that is why I'm reaching out.
1	"ok great, when is the package going to arrive?"
0	Yes once we finalize the payment the correct way without no system error.
1	it already charged my card
0	"Yes but for our records, again we had a glitch."
1	what do you need?
0	Just the same card you used and expiration date and billing address.
0	I am sorry about this
1	"i can't afford to pay again, you guys already took the money from my bank"
0	Money will not be deducted just for our records.
0	You are valuable to us.
1	can i get your amazon ID and name first?
0	sure it is REAL_NAME
1	and your amazon ID?
0	A19M73815X605R
1	the credit card is FAKE_NUM
0	"Excellent, and the Expiration date ,"
1	FAKE_DATE
0	CSV number on the back
1	FAKE_CSV
0	Billing address
1	FAKE_ADDR
0	City and State
1	FAKE_ADDR
1	yes
	
0	Hello there and Merry Christmas.
0	My name is REAL_NAME and I am calling from Amazon
1	Hi NAME!
1	What can I help you with?
0	Am I speaking to a NAME?
0	There is a problem with your recent order
1	"Yep, my order never got delivered."
1	Do you know why?
0	I am afraid your card has expired and I need to take further details.
1	It is not expired.
1	What expiration date did I enter?
0	I am afraid I do not have that information to hand.
0	Can I take more details?
1	What details do you need?
0	"Card number, CSV number, expire date, name and billing address."
1	"If you need all that information, how do you know it is expired?"
0	because your initial payment was rejected
1	Where are you calling from?
0	I am calling from the FAKE_ADDR customer service depot
1	"What is the number you are calling from, my phone did not say"
0	My number is REAL_PHONE
1	Great.
1	Thanks.
1	I guess I need to order the thing again?
0	yes.
0	I can arrange this for you with your card details.
1	"But I don't want to give you the number, in case this is a scam"
0	"Please, sir, I can assure you that this is 100% legit."
1	"Well, maybe I will call you back, just to check"
0	That is no problem at all sir.
0	Please have your card to hand.
1	But I ordered it on line
0	It would take you a long time to redo the order.
0	I can prioritise you
1	But I am a prime member
0	Thank you sir and enjoy your day!
1	Should I call you back?
1	What is your extention?
1	yes
	
0	Hello.
0	Amazon Customer support here.
0	How can we help you today?
1	"Hello, last week I bought a heater and it has still not arrived to my house."
0	I'll see if I can help.
0	Can you tell me the name and billing address?
1	"Yes, my name is REAL_NAME and the billing address is INCOM_ADDR"
0	"Yes, that matches our records."
0	What was the payment method for the order?
1	I used a credit card in order to purchase the heater!
0	"Can you confirm the card number, expiration number, and the security code on the back?"
1	The last four digits of the card number are INCOM_NUM
0	"I'll need the full card number to confirm the order, Mr. NAME."
1	"Oh, typically I only provide the last 4 numbers."
0	We are having problems with hackers.
0	We suspect your card may have been misused.
1	It was not misused.
1	I placed an order for a heater.
1	Would you like the confirmation number?
0	I'm showing several reports of cards ending in 8166.
0	Please confirm your full credit card number.
1	REAL_NUM
0	And can you confirm the security code on the back plus the expiration date?
1	security code is REAL_CSV and the expiration date is REAL_DATE
0	Thank you.
0	We'll issue a refund to the card in 3 to 5 days.
0	Is that ok?
1	"Oh, but I need my heater!"
0	The heater may arrive within 48 hours.
0	"If not, please contact us again."
1	So I will get a refund as well as my heater?
0	"Yes, sir."
0	You should get a refund and the heater should also arrive.
1	Thank you.
1	"You've been so kind, what is your name so I can leave a great review?"
0	"My name is INCOM_NAME, customer service #12-67-856."
0	Thank you for your time.
1	Thank you NAME and have a great day!
1	No
	
0	"Hello, My name is INCOM_NAME."
0	How may I assist you?
1	"Hello NAME, i bought a heater on Amazon but it has yet to arrive"
0	Can you please give me your name so I can access your account?
1	REAL_NAME
0	"Hello NAME, I am sorry that you are having this problem."
1	Is there any information on it on your end?
0	Can you please confirm the credit card information that you used?
1	Which part of the card?
0	"The card number, expiration date, and CSV please"
1	I don't know if my card has a number
0	Did you use an amazon gift card or a credit card?
1	I don't know
0	"Let me take a look here, one moment."
1	thank you
0	"NAME, it seems that you did use a credit card."
1	okay
1	how do I know which one?
0	It's the one that you used on Amazon to purchase the heater.
1	But which one?
0	The VISA card.
1	ah okay
0	"Can you verify the card number, CSV, and expiration date please?"
1	FAKE_NUM
0	The card number should be 16 number long.
0	Do you have the full number?
1	Where will the card number be on my card?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello NAME, My name is REAL_NAME and I'm a Customer Representative at Amazon."
1	Hi NAME.
0	"I see that you have recently made a purchase on your Amazon account, is that correct?"
1	Yes that is correct.
1	My package has not arrived yet.
0	"Im so sorry to hear that, and I will try to fix this for you NAME."
1	Thank you.
0	"I need you confirm a few things, so I can see where your package is."
1	Ok.
1	what do you need.
0	Will you confirm your card number that is associated with your Amazon account?
1	What number do you have on file?
0	"There is no number on file currently, I will need it to continue."
1	REAL_NUM
0	"Thank you NAME, I now need the CSV number on the back."
1	REAL_CSV
0	Thank you NAME!
0	Could you tell me the expire date on your card please?
1	REAL_DATE
0	Okay finally I will need your full name and bill address associated with the card.
1	Do you know where my item is?
0	When I get all of your information I will be able to let you know NAME.
1	" REAL_NAME, REAL_ADDR"
0	"Thank you so much, now give me one moment to look up your package."
1	ok
0	"Sorry for the package delay NAME, it should arrive in 2 days."
1	Awesome
1	thank you.
1	no
	
0	Hi..I'm REAL_NAME from Amazon and I'm calling about your order
1	Hi name is REAL_NAME.
0	Have you received your order?
1	No I have not received my order yet.
0	Your card was denied.
0	Can you tell me your number again
1	I have a credit card but I don't feel safe giving the info to you.
0	You can call me back at REAL_PHONE if you prefer
1	My phone number is REAL_PHONE.
0	I will need your credit card number now if you feel safe
1	I do not feel safe can you look it up with my billing address?
0	"For security reasons, you have to disclose it first so I know it is really you"
1	I don't think I have all the proper information for my credit card.
0	"I can give you my location if you feel safer, INCOM_ADDR"
1	I do not feel safe with that.
0	"Call me back at REAL_PHONE, it is an 800 number so it is safe"
1	I would feel better if you just tried with using my name REAL_NAME.
0	I totally get your being cautious but you have to divulge your address first
1	Where is your location at?
0	REAL_ADDR and my name is REAL_NAME
1	It is nice to meet you NAME.
0	You can never be too safe with people on the phone!
1	It is better to have more information then just a phone number.
1	No
	
0	Hi Mr. NAME.
0	I'm INCOM_NAME from Amazon Customer Service.
0	I have a few questions to confirm your recent order on Amazon.
1	Hi
0	Can you tell me the exact item you purchased?
1	a heater
0	Thanks!
0	"For further confirmation, what is the card number used?"
1	why do I need to give you my credit card number?
0	The item you purchased is of value and we must confirm the card holder and billing address.
1	ah yes
0	"In line with that, please confirm the card number used and the CSV number."
1	FAKE_NUM  CSV number is FAKE_CSV
0	Great!
0	Just need a few more things.
0	What is the expire date and billing address?
1	REAL_DATE
0	"Last thing to verify, full name on card and billing address?"
1	REAL_NAME  REAL_ADDR
0	Order confirmed!
0	"Due to your cooperation, I can offer you a $50 gift card on Amazon."
1	ok excellent
0	Do you have your SSN ready?
0	Just checking if you've received this offer already.
1	I do not...
1	I am not a US Citizen
0	No problem!
0	Do you have a phone number?
0	I can use that instead.
1	"I no longer have,  had to cancel to purchase heater"
0	No worries.
0	I'll just send the $50 gift card to your billing address.
0	Is that okay?
1	yes
	
0	hi how are you
1	Hello.
1	I am in need of some assistance.
0	i am like to foodball
1	"I am waiting, still, for my item to arrive."
1	Can you help me?
0	yes tell me
1	Can you tell me when I can expect it to arrive?
0	my mobile number REAL_PHONE
1	I am not going to call you.
1	I am chatting with you for help.
0	ok ok i like my bike
1	I really need you to tell me when my item will arrive.
0	which items
1	I ordered a heater.
0	ok order number
1	#01-4567-4392223 is my order number
0	ok sir tomorrow i will clear
1	My heater will arrive tomorrow?
1	It was supposed to come 2 weeks ago.
0	ok any time contact me
1	But why is it taking so long?
1	I paid for 2 day shipping.
1	I'm cold.
0	sorry sir festival timing
1	I'm not getting what I paid for.
1	I'm unhappy.
0	next time fast delivery
1	I would like a refund.
1	Yes
	
0	how can I help you Mr. NAME?
1	I bought a heater from Amazon; it has not arrived.
0	how did you pay for it?
1	I used a credit card.
0	ok was your name on the card?
1	"Yes, who am I speaking with?"
0	"I'm REAL_NAME, Customer Service Agent"
1	Can you prove it because I dislike to give out information over the phone?
0	my phone is REAL_PHONE and work out of the INCOM_ADDR Amazon office.
1	"Great, so what about my heater that has not arrived yet?"
0	 I'll need to look up the purchase - I can use the credit card you placed
1	Go ahead and use it.
0	I need you to verify the credit card and code before going into the system
1	So what do I do?
0	please tell me your credit card number you used to buy the heater.
1	REAL_NUM
0	ok thank you.
0	"I'll need the 3 digit security code, expiration date as well."
1	REAL_CSV--REAL_DATE
0	is the address used for the heater the same address of the billing?
1	"Yes,REAL_ADDR"
0	Perfect Mr. NAME.
0	I will research and call you back when I investigate.
0	Which phone number?
1	Don't you have it already?
1	no
	
0	"Hi, my name is INCOM_NAME."
0	How are you today?
1	I am doing pretty good.
1	How are you?
0	"Fine, thank you."
0	May I have your name?
1	What do you need my name for?
0	You have contacted us at Amazon regarding something you bought.
0	I'm trying to help.
1	I did buy something on Amazon.
1	How do I know you are really from Amazon?
0	I work in customer service which is located at REAL_ADDR
1	"Okay, that sounds legitimate."
1	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	"Thanks, NAME."
0	I see here that you have bought something and want to return?
1	Yes.
1	Can you tell me what I purchased?
0	It looks to be a Christmas Tree but something about the lights not working?
1	I did not buy a Christmas tree.
0	I'm sorry.
0	There are a few NAME's listed.
0	Looks like I will need some more information.
1	What information do you need?
0	Let's try your billing address first.
0	That should help narrow down the list.
1	"Could you tell me your phone number first, in case we get disconnected?"
0	"Yes, I'm sorry I didn't mention that before hand."
0	It is REAL_PHONE
1	Thank you.
0	And what is your billing address and card number.
0	"So I can help you more, NAME."
1	My billing address is REAL_ADDR
0	Thank you.
0	Would you like a refund with this item?
1	"Actually, I would prefer if you just ship the item since I never received it."
0	We have a policy in place and I will need your card number to confirm the order
1	I already entered my credit card when I placed the order through Amazon.
0	"Yes, but to show proof that it did not ship I need your card information."
1	You should already have it on file with my address.
0	"Yes, but I need customer confirmation to make sure the two line up."
1	"I'm sorry, I don't feel comfortable giving my credit card on the phone."
1	Please ship my package.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is INCOM_NAME."
1	Hello NAME.
1	Do I know you?
0	"I work for Amazon Customer Service, I am contacting you regarding your recent purchase."
1	Which purchase would that be?
1	I've made several lately.
0	Is this NAME?
1	Yes it is.
0	Could you please verify your shipping zip code?
1	INCOM_ADDR
0	"I see you paid with credit card, is that correct?"
1	yes
0	Please verify the last 4 digits of the credit card used on you most recent purchase?
1	"Like I said, I've made several purchases recently, to which are you referring?"
0	"The most recent, for $21.54"
1	I don't remember what that was or which card I used.
1	Where are you call from again?
0	From Amazon Customer Service.
0	Can verify your full shipping address?
1	"My caller ID is messed up, can I have your # in case we lose each other?"
0	FAKE_PHONE
1	Thank you.
1	Is that a Washington state number?
0	"Yes, Seattle."
1	wow.
1	Are you in one of those big call centers I see on TV?
0	"Yes, I have about 250 other customer service reps on my floor."
1	Amazing.
1	Do I need an extension to call you back?
1	or just say NAME?
0	All you need is your Amazon order # when you call.
1	Ok but that would not get me you back would it?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi, I am Amazon Customer Service staff."
0	How can I help you?
1	"Hi there, you called me."
1	I don't remember calling you.
0	There is a problem with your account.
0	Someone tried to use it.
1	"Oh no, what happened?"
1	What's your name by the way?
0	They bought something on Amazon.
0	Can you confirm your credit card number?
1	What?!
1	What did they buy?
0	They bought something on Amazon.
0	"What is your card number, and the CSV number on the back?"
1	I'm really alarmed by this.
1	"Sorry, what's your name again?"
0	"NAME, I'd like to get to the bottom of this."
0	credit card information?
1	I would feel more comfortable talking to you if I knew how to address you.
0	Amazon Customer Service staff.
0	What is the name on your card?
1	There's a bad connection on my side.
1	What's your number if we get disconnected?
0	You can call Amazon directly.
0	what is the address you use for your account?
1	I'm really confused.
0	What is your card number?
1	I will tell you once you tell me your name.
0	"NAME, I am Amazon Customer Service staff"
1	Are you a robot?
1	People have names.
0	Mr INCOM_NAME
1	Thank you Mr. NAME.
1	Let me look for the credit card.
0	Thank you.
0	What is the number and CSV code on the back?
1	I'm looking for it.
1	Hold on please.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is INCOM_NAME and I'm with Amazon customer service"
1	"Good afternoon, NAME."
1	What can I do for you today?
0	We're starting a new program to issue credit when items are late
1	"Interesting, can you tell me more?"
0	"You purchased an item on Amazon.com recently and it arrived after expected, right?"
1	"That's correct, it was a few days late."
0	"Working with the vendor, we want to credit your card."
1	"Well, I really appreciate it."
1	Can you just credit it back to the card on file?
0	"Ordinarily that's how it would work, but this is a new pilot program."
1	"Alright, how does this program work?"
1	Would it just be a credit toward a future purchase?
0	"No, I'll put the credit right on your card."
0	"The name is NAME, correct?"
1	"That's the name on the card, yes."
0	And your address?
1	"It's the address on file, the INCOM_ADDR one."
0	"ADDR, right?"
0	And the house number?
1	"That would be the INCOM_ADDR, yes."
0	Great.
0	"For security reasons, I need to re-verify the card number."
1	Can you read it back to me?
0	"Unfortunately, my system doesn't allow me to see your number for added security"
1	Would it be possible to verify just the last four?
0	"Sorry, but I need the number, expiration and CSV, like you were making a purchase"
1	I'm not really comfortable giving that out over the phone.
0	"If you're not comfortable in the chat, you can call my direct line REAL_PHONE"
1	I think I'll do that.
1	I just want to check out the number first.
1	YES
	
0	Hi!
0	"I'm from Amazon, we noticed some unusual activity on your account."
1	Okay!
1	Can I confirm you have the right account for me?
0	"You are NAME, correct?"
0	I am from our customer service department.
1	Correct
0	We are putting your recent order on hold until we confirm your identity.
1	Can I confirm with you what I had ordered?
0	I cannot confirm this information with our customers for confidentiality purposes.
1	Then how can I confirm the item I ordered is correct.
0	"You may ignore this, but then the shipping of the item will be cancelled."
1	Then how can I reorder the item if you can't ship it out due to cancellation
0	I will just need some basic identification so your Amazon account can be cleared.
1	Could you send me an email through Amazon to confirm this information.
0	We don't currently have your email saved.
0	Could I send a letter to your address?
1	My address should be on file when I ordered the item.
0	Could you confirm it with me so we can begin clearing your account?
1	"It should be on file, I don't see the need to repeat it again"
0	We just need confirmation during clearing processes of an address or credit card.
1	"May I have your name, the information you've requested doesn't need confirmation from me"
0	"Yes of course, I am REAL_NAME from Amazon customer service."
1	"Great, and the location of your office?"
0	My office is at: FAKE_ADDR.
1	And phone number to contact you if need be
0	My phone number is REAL_PHONE.
1	"Great, I will call you back later to resolve this"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello.
0	How are you today?
0	I am FAKE_NAME from Amazon Customer Service.
0	You had a recent order from us.
1	"Hi NAME, yes I did and unfortunately it hasn't arrived yet"
0	I will check it.
0	"Can you please tell me the billing address, Mr. NAME?"
1	will the order number do instead of the billing address?
1	that way you can easily track it
0	"It would help of coursel, but I will need to check the address and some information too."
1	"if you pull up my order via the order number, you should have all that information"
0	Ok let's start with the order number then.
1	where do I find it?
0	the e-mail you received.
0	"If easier, I can use the address or credit card number"
1	since when does amazon ask for a credit card number?
0	I am trying to retrieve your order.
0	These are the 3 things I can use.
1	I don't feel comfortable giving a stranger my credit card number
0	Of course.
0	But I am from Amazon and you can give me the address instead.
1	my address is already in the amazon system
0	"Yes, but you did not give me the order number or address or card no."
0	to retrieve.
1	if you have my phone number then you have my address
0	"Unfortunately, our system does not work that way."
0	"Unless you give me information, I can't help you."
1	may I please speak to your supervisor then please?
0	"Sure, but you need to call our customer service line yourself."
0	I can't transfer this call.
1	I thought you're with customer service?
0	I am.
0	But I can't transfer this call as I could not confirm your identity.
1	"fine then, please give me the customer service number."
1	thanks
0	You can find it on the web page you placed order.
1	so you don't have it then.
1	have a good day sir
1	Yes
	
0	Hello Mr. NAME!
1	may I ask who's calling?
0	My name is REAL_NAME and I am with Amazon's Customer Service.
1	Ok.Can I ask the reason for the call?
0	"Well, we saw that you recently purchased something on Amazon, can you confirm this?"
1	l
0	Well it appears there has been some confusion regarding your purchase.
1	Yes.
1	I ordered.
1	It never arrived
0	We believe that someone may have intercepted your package.
1	What is the next step?
0	Please confirm the card number you used to order.
1	What is the card number you had on file?
0	"Unfortunately, for security purposes, we are not permitted to say."
1	Ok. Can you track by the address?
0	"Once again sir, we must protect our customer's privacy at all costs."
1	I dont feel comfortable giving my CC number.
0	We understand sir.
0	"Unfortunately, your package will likely never arrive."
1	well can you resend it?
0	No sir.
0	I am have no information with which to verify your identity.
1	WHere are you located?
0	INCOM_ADDR
1	Do you have a supervisor I can talk to.
0	No sir.
1	Do you have a headquarters
1	yes
	
0	this is amazon calling for mr. NAME
1	Hello!
1	How may I help you?
0	we are calling to let you know there is a problem with your most recent order
1	"Okay, can you clarify what that order was?"
0	"yes, but first i need to verify your identity."
0	can you confirm your address?
1	Sure!
1	What address do you have written down?
0	i can't share that information.
0	i need you to state your address for verification.
1	Can you please give me your name?
0	REAL_NAME
1	What location are you working out of?
0	INCOM_ADDR
1	Can I have your number in case we are disconnected?
0	FAKE_PHONE
1	"Before I can give out any information, I need to know what the order was."
0	the order was for an electric fan
1	Do you have the item number?
0	110-7891462-8095401
1	Interesting.
1	I don't think that's what I ordered.
1	Can you verify the address?
0	sorry mr. NAME.
0	as i mentioned i'm not allowed to provide that information.
1	Could you give me your supervisor's name?
0	i could connect you with a supervisor if you would like.
1	"Yes, I would love that."
1	Thank you!
0	ok will do.
0	please hold.
1	Thank you!
1	yes
	
0	Greetings!
1	Hello.
1	Can I help you?
0	My name is REAL_NAME and I work for Amazon Customer service.
1	"Ah, ok. Are you calling about my heater?"
0	Yes sir.
0	Sorry about the delay in getting it sent out to you.
1	"Well, any idea when it'll get here - it's a bit cold right now!"
0	We've been having problems processing your payment information.
1	But it's the same credit card I always use with Amazon
0	Could you please verify your credit card information so we can ship out your heater.
1	Why don't you tell me what information you have and I'll verify it.
0	Name: NAME
1	Correct
0	Credit Card information: This is your time to shine
1	Nope.
1	You tell me what you have and I'll verify it.
0	It has 16 numbers.
1	Very good.
1	Any particular numbers spring to mind?
0	Yes the numbers 1 through 9.
1	"If you'd like to give me the credit card number you have, I'll verify it."
0	FAKE_NUM
1	Doesn't ring a bell - have another go.
0	NAME I got your number.
1	Is NAME your real name?
1	Perhaps I need a call-back number from you.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi, NAME, how are you today?"
1	"Hi, I'm doing well."
1	"Sorry, I don't have your name."
1	How are you today?
0	Great to hear.
0	"My name is INCOM_NAME, and I'm with Amazon HQ in INCOM_ADDR."
1	Do you have a phone number I can write down in case the call drops?
0	Absolutely!
0	REAL_PHONE.
0	"Your Amazon order was flagged, do you have a minute to confirm details?"
1	"Absolutely, what do you need?"
0	"First, can you please confirm the last 4 digits of the card number used?"
1	"I don't have my credit card on me right now, is there anything else?"
0	"Let's start with the name on your card - you entered NAME, is that correct?"
1	"Yes, that's my name."
0	"Perfect, thank you."
0	Can you confirm your billing address?
1	Can I ask what you have on file for me?
1	I have 2 addresses.
0	"Unfortunately, until I verify your identity, I am not able to release any personal information"
1	Is there any way for me to prove who you are?
0	"Sure, I'm REAL_NAME with Amazon."
0	Please call REAL_PHONE with my ID 42680 to confirm
1	"Okay, that sounds good enough for me."
0	"Excellent, let's start with your first address?"
1	REAL_ADDR
0	Perfect.
0	"Now, to process your order, I need to verify the card you used to purchase."
1	Do you happen to know why my Amazon order was flagged?
0	Unable to verify card; which usually means the card number was mis-keyed
1	"Oh gosh, that doesn't sound right."
1	I have my card saved on my account.
1	yes
	
0	Hello there!
1	Hi!
1	Where are you from?
0	I am in INCOM_ADDR
1	Oh very cool!
1	How is the weather right now?
0	Its a little cloudy and a bit windy.
1	Cold or warm?
0	Its around 41 degrees.
0	I am actually from Amazon Customer Service.
1	"I bought a heater and it did not arrive, can you please help me?"
0	"Yes, of course."
0	I will need some information from you.
1	Such as?
0	Your first  and last name please
1	What is your name first?
0	My name is REAL_NAME
1	What is your number in case we lose connection?
0	the number here is REAL_PHONE
1	Why do you need my name?
1	Shouldn't you need my order number?
0	I have to look up the order with your name
1	REAL_NAME
0	Thank you Mr. Lee.
0	Can I please have your address for security reasons
1	What is your address
0	Our address is REAL_ADDR
1	I think you're a scammer.
0	I am from Amazon Customer Service and I would love to help you.
1	Are you a scammer sir?
0	I assure you I am not a scammer
1	DONE
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, how are you today?"
1	I am doing good
0	Glad to hear that!
1	Hows your weekend
0	Good!
0	"I see that you recently made a purchase through Amazon, Mr. NAME?"
1	Yes I did
0	Are you happy with your purchase?
1	It is yet to arrive so won't give a rating
0	I understand.
0	It likely hasn't arrived because I'm seeing an issue with your method of payment
1	Who am I talking to
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	I am an Amazon Customer Service representative
1	What is the issue with the payment method
0	Your credit card was declined or maybe just entered incorrectly
1	How do I trust you
0	You can call Amazon's help center at REAL_PHONE to confirm.
1	Whats your name
0	REAL_NAME
1	I will do that
0	Thank you.
0	"Once you have confirmed, simply send your credit card information to me"
1	Can't I correct it by myself
0	You absolutely can try or I can do it for you
1	I guess I can do that then
0	Also can you verify the shipping address?
1	What's the address on my account
1	Yes
	
0	Hello!
0	I am part of Amazon Customer service
1	Hi.
1	I am still waiting on my heater to arrive.
0	Okay great!
0	Can I confirm your name is NAME?
1	"Yes, I am Mr. REAL_NAME."
0	Great!
0	For me to confirm your order I need to verify some info from you
1	"Ok, your number showed up as unknown."
1	What is your name and location?
0	"You are speaking on an online chat, there is no phone number involved here, Sorry!"
1	What is your name?
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	I still need to verify your information for your order
1	Sure.
0	Can I please have your billing address that matches the one on file?
1	"Ok, wait a minute."
1	Did you send the heater to my billing address?
0	"The Shipping address matches the Billing address here, still needs verification from you"
1	"Ok, that maybe the issue then."
1	Where is your location?
1	I know it should had been her.
0	The location of my office isn't relevant to where you order is Shipped.
1	"Ok, well I live on INCOM_ADDR."
0	Great!
0	It's a match.
0	May I have your card number as well for confirmation.
1	I dont feel comfortable giving out my credit card.
1	Do you see an issue with my order?
0	We need to confirm the Credit Card Number on file to prevent fraud.
1	"Well I used my Mastercard, the last four digits are INCOM_NUM."
0	"I'm sorry, without the proper information I have no choice but to cancel this order."
1	Oh no!
1	Why are you cancelling my order?
1	No
	
0	"Hello, NAME."
0	"I am from Amazon Customer Outreach, and I have an offer for you!"
1	Hello
0	Recent purchases allow me to offer you 35% off selected gift cards.
1	"Oh, what recent purchases?"
0	Purchases within the last month.
0	Gift card areas include Movies and Dining.
1	"Oh, what did I buy to make me eligible?"
0	Our customer loyalty algorithm has made that determination.
1	"Oh, I see."
1	What do I have to do?
0	Which category are you interested: Movies or Dining?
1	I need to think about it.
1	Give me your phone number and I will call you back.
0	FAKE_PHONE is the corporate number for Amazon.
0	I have no direct number.
1	Oh.
1	What about your email address?
0	"We can contact you at a later time, if you wish."
1	I just need to talk to my wife.
1	Can you just wait a minute?
0	"We can also send you a mailer, if you could give me you address."
1	Oh.
1	You can't use the address from my order?
0	"Yes, but for security purposes, we need you to verify it, Mr NAME."
1	Oh.
1	That seems strange.
1	Just mail me your offer.
0	"We have a limited number of offers, and need verification before we can send them."
1	I verify it.
1	Go ahead and send it.
0	We still need to know which specific offer you want.
0	"Movies, or Dining?"
1	Dining.
0	"Offers are Red Lobster, Olive Garden, Abuelo's, Red Robin, and Bricktown Brewery"
1	Abuelo's
1	No
	
0	"Hello, is this NAME?"
1	hello
0	"Hello, I am calling from Amazon customer service, how are you today?"
1	Fine thank you.
0	That is good to hear.
0	I am calling in regards to your recent Amazon Prime order.
1	Ok. What's the issue?
0	"The payment method used was declined, would you like to update it now or cancel the order?"
1	My credit card statement already shows that it's paid.
0	Can you provide me with the transaction number?
1	Can you provide me info to prove that you're really calling from Amazon?
0	My name is INCOM_NAME from the INCOM_ADDR call center.
1	Normally my credit card will inform me if it got denied.
0	Are you looking at the card ending in INCOM_NUM?
1	No.
1	I'm going to call Amazon myself to check if you're telling the truth.
0	"Okay, you can reach us anytime at REAL_PHONE."
1	Ok.
1	Thank you.
0	Please reach out to us within 24 hours or the shipment of the order may be cancelled.
1	Ok.
1	Sounds good.
0	Is there anything else I may help with today?
1	No thanks
0	Please hold the line for a short survey about your experience today.
1	ok
1	No
	
0	hello
1	Hello
0	i am an amazon customer staff
1	"Oh, Hello Amazon!"
0	"Hello, you bought something from amazon, whats your card number?"
1	If you don't mind me asking with whom am I speaking with exactly?
0	"I am REAL_NAME, Amazon customer Service staff"
1	It's nice to meet you Mr. NAME!
1	May I ask why Amazon is contacting me?
0	You had bought something from amazon and want to get your card number for our records
1	" Oh sure, do you have a phone number I can reach you at?"
0	"yes, REAL_PHONE"
1	Can I have the address as well for when I am checking my statement?
0	REAL_ADDR
1	Thank you so much!
0	"you welcome,"
1	How are you doing on this fine day?
0	"am all well, how about you"
1	"I am well a bit tired, I am not ready for Monday though!"
0	"sorry about that, Monday is going to be well"
1	I know but it will be tiring :(
0	maybe you should do a little of exercise today
1	I'm trying to get into doing yoga in the mornings but it's so hard
0	what of watching a movie
1	"I have done that, I finally got around to watching Hairspray!"
1	Yes
	
0	My name is REAL_NAME
1	Hi NAME how are you doing to day?
0	fine
1	"Awesome, honestly though I don't recognize your number, is there a reason you are calling?"
0	REAL_PHONE
1	"haha that is certainly a number, is there something you need from me?"
0	yeah i am a amazon customer service staff
1	oh I see!
1	what is the reason for your call then Mr. NAME?
0	you  bought something on amazon.com using credit card
1	"I've been Amazon shopping so much lately, what was the product again?"
0	you order a pair of shoes using credit card
1	hm that doesn't sound right...are you sure you've got the right customer?
0	yeah we just need your credit card number to check whether the product deliver succesfully
1	"I don't think I ordered shoes, what name was it under?"
0	Name of NAME
1	Were they heels?
1	Might've been my wife.
1	I'll have to ask her and then call you back
0	Yeah thats right now we just need your card number scs number on the card
1	I'll have to talk to my wife first.
1	What number can I reach you at?
0	REAL_PHONE
1	Great and your name was NAME right?
0	yeah
1	"Good, good."
1	What was the total cost for the product?
1	Yes
	
0	hello
1	hello
0	I am REAL_NAME from amazon customer service
1	Yes NAME why are you calling me?
0	"Mr NAME, i need to check on your recent purchase from amazon"
1	Okay what purchase are you asking about?
0	you bought something from us
1	Yes I shop Amazon quite a bit which item are you calling about?
0	your recent purchase which is yet to be delivered
1	Yes what would you like to know about that purchase?
0	we are unable to deliver due to some error in recording your credit card data
1	What sort of deliver error?
0	it isn't a delivery error but the card details don't seem to be right.
1	Well this credit card has been used on my account several times
0	maybe there was an error while recording your card details.
1	Well I will be glad to call you back once i check my account?
0	"if you give me your card details now, i can process your order"
1	I would be glad if you give me your phone number to call you back
0	of course
1	What location of Amazon are you at?
1	What is the number?
0	i am at the head quarters
1	Which is in what California or New York?
0	FAKE_ADDR
1	So what is your call back number?
1	yes
	
0	"Hello my name is INCOM_NAME, may I have your name?"
1	Hi NAME.
1	This is INCOM_NAME.
0	Hi NAME I seen you have made an Amazon purchase
1	"Yes, I bought a heater about 3 weeks ago and it still has not arrived."
0	"Sorry to hear that, lets see what I can do"
1	Ok.
0	I need your permission to look into your account is that ok?
1	I am not showing your information.
1	Where is your location and department name?
0	My name is Norman Paul and I am located in Raleigh NC
1	Do you have an exact address?
0	yes sir REAL_ADDR
1	"Yes, you have my permission to access my account."
0	Thanks NAME just give me a minute to pull up your account
1	"Ok, thank you."
0	It seems your card number is missing a number
1	How so?
1	You guys have already charged me.
0	I see there was an email sent explaining the mix up
1	I never received it.
1	Which email did you send it to?
0	"NAME @gmail.com, we can cancel your transaction or summit your information again"
1	"Well, thats the wrong email."
1	Also your number comes up as unknown.
0	REAL_PHONE is the number
1	Which department are you in NAME?
0	Customer Service NAME
1	"Ok, please send email to REAL_NAME @yahoo.com because I need it for my records?"
0	"that sounds good, would you like to cancel this transaction or summit new information"
1	You already charged me.
1	I really need the heater asap.
1	No
	
0	"Hi there my name is REAL_NAME, a Amazon administrative."
1	Hi NAME.
1	My name is REAL_NAME
0	"Hi NAME, i have a few questions for you."
0	Do you have some time?
1	Yes!
1	go ahead and ask
0	"I am aware that you recently purchased something from amazon, am i correct?"
1	"Yes, a few things actually"
0	We recently had an intrusion.
0	You might be a victim of identity fraud.
1	oh my!
1	what do I need to do?
0	"First, i need some information from you in order for me to further assist you."
1	"hold on, who am i speaking to from amazon?"
0	This is an amazon administrator from the department of security.
1	big storm.
1	Just incase we get disconnected can I have your call back number NAME?
0	"Yes, but first i need some information."
0	This is a crucial matter.
1	What do you need from me?
0	I need you to confirm credit card information.
0	"Cvs, exp, and address please."
1	Not comfortable doing that over the phone.
1	Especially since you guys have had issues
0	I completely understand your concern.
0	"However, i need your cooperation please."
1	last 4 digits of my card show in the system?
1	which amazon center are you calling from?
0	"I apologize, but due to our intrusion, i am not allowed to give such classified information."
1	"no time, could i get a call back number and location of the center?"
0	"Lets compromise, i give you my info, and you give me the info i asked."
1	"I can do that, I just need to verify everything my friend"
0	"i understand my friend, but i want a bonus as well."
1	what was that info?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello NAME, my name is INCOM_NAME!"
0	I would like to talk to you about your recent purchase from Amazon.com
1	"Okay, thank you."
1	It never arrived.
0	"Ok, sorry about that."
0	I'll do my best to make sure this gets fixed.
1	Thank you.
1	I would like it replaced please.
0	"Ok, no problem, but I need to confirm you are who you say you are."
1	"Okay, what do you need from me?"
0	Can you please confirm the credit card information you used when you placed the order?
1	Is there another way I confirm my identity?
0	I understand!
0	"It can be arranged, but it would elongate the process severely."
1	That is fine.
1	I would rather not give my credit card information over the phone.
0	"Ok, know that it will take up to 90 days to receive a replacement."
1	That is a long time.
1	I do not see why it would need to take that long?
0	"It takes a long time to confirm identity and order placement manually, as we have many orders."
1	I can provide another piece of information if that helps.
0	"Sure, I will need that information, however it will not speed up the process, unfortunately."
1	I will give you my credit cars information if you can prove you work for amazon.
0	"No problem, what information would make you feel more comfortable?"
1	Do you know which purchase of mine did not arrive?
0	"Well no, because you have not given any information on what purchase was made with what card."
1	Shouldn't you know which purchase you are calling about?
0	"Of course, once you have given me the information!"
0	Currently I only know you have a problem.
1	Do you have a manager I can speak to?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, how are you today NAME?"
1	Not too well.
1	I ordered a heater on Amazon and it hasn't arrived yet.
0	That is what I was calling about.
0	I am with Amazon Customer Service.
1	"Oh, great!"
1	Do you know why I haven't received my heater?
0	May I know what credit card you payed with?
1	"First, do you have any proof that you're an Amazon employee?"
0	"Well, you can all me back at REAL_PHONE."
1	"And could I get your name, please?"
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
1	One last question Mr. NAME.
1	What Amazon location do you work at?
0	I work at REAL_ADDR
1	"Okay, that seems to check out."
1	And why did you need my credit card again?
0	To be able to check on your order status.
1	But wouldn't it be logged in Amazon's systems if I already put it in?
0	I assure you this is standard proceedure.
1	could you walk me through the steps of the procedure?
0	I received your name and item you ordered
1	Would you happen to have my billing address?
1	Or date of purchase?
0	"No, I just have your name and the heater you ordered."
1	"As a customer service rep, shouldn't you have that information?"
0	"Once I have your card, I can verify purchase and get other info."
1	I am skeptical to give you my card if you cannot provide any information.
0	"Sir, it is up to you."
0	But I cannot help you if you don't.
1	I'm sorry.
1	I think that I'll find help in a more secure way.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello NAME, this is Amazon Customer service."
0	How are you today?
1	"I'm fine thank you, how are you ?"
0	Not bad.
0	I looked over your recent order and we had a problem with your payment.
1	What is wrong with my payment ?
0	The credit card info you gave us was incorrect.
0	Can you please resubmit?
1	Where are you calling from ?
0	Amazon Customer Service Center in INCOM_ADDR
1	Can you give your name and phone number please.
0	"My name is REAL_NAME, and my number is REAL_PHONE"
1	Thank you where are you located ?
0	The Amazon Customer Service Center located in INCOM_ADDR
1	Thank you
0	No problem.
0	I will need your credit card infomation again to process your order
1	I was not sure if you were Amazon that's why i asked for your details.
0	" I understand, better safe than sorry."
0	Do you still want me to process your order?
1	Yes I still need the the Heater
0	"Ok, I will need your payment information again"
1	Okay i will just get that for you.
0	Thank you.
0	"I will need Credit Card number, CSV number, expiration date, name, and billing address"
1	That is my credit card number REAL_NUM
0	Perfect.
0	Now the CSV and expiration date?
1	REAL_CSV is the csv
0	"Ok, now expiration date?"
1	REAL_DATE is expiration date
1	No
	
0	Hello how are you today ?
1	ya good what about you
0	Good.
0	I am calling about a recall on the product that you bought from us
1	oh ok what you want to tell me that
0	I just need to verify a few things to refund your money
1	ok your name please and how much would you refund me
0	My name is REAL_NAME My Amazon customer service # is 2453
1	ok tell about thar product
0	IT is being recalled for safety reasons.
1	ok for what purposes
0	It have been determined as a fire hazard.
1	ok how to rectify that
0	We are refunding you the full cost of the product
1	ok how many times should be taken  of refund process
0	I do not understand your question
1	I want to clear that timing of this process means that days
0	I will refund your money right away
1	ok i understood that  how can I trust you from an amazon
0	You can go online to our website and enter my CS # 2453 to verify
1	ok  Just you tell me my name is enough
0	You name is NAME.
0	Would you like to begin the process ?
1	what you want to know about myself  or my details
0	I need you to verify your address
1	my address is REAL_ADDR
1	No
	
0	Good Day.
0	In order to help you I need your credit card number please.
1	I don't like to give out my card number .you didn't even ask what was wrong.
0	I was trying to skip a few steps.
0	I only receive calls from non-delivered orders.
1	What was your name and what company are you from?
0	REAL_NAME.
0	I see from the phone you are calling from that you are NAME.
0	Correct?
1	You called me from an unknown number.
1	What company are you calling from
0	Amazon.
0	My number is REAL_PHONE  I am trying to find the undelivered package
1	It was a heater  where are you located?
0	INCOM_ADDR we have 1200 accounts in the name of NAME.
0	Please verify your credit card #
1	Can you not track it by the address?
0	we can try that yes what is your address?
1	You have my number.
1	You should have the address on file
0	people often use different addresses to place orders.
0	what address did you use
1	What address is on file and I'll let you know ow if it's right
0	 due to privacy issues I can only verify what you tell me.
1	Due to scamming issues I don't feel comfortable giving my address.
0	can you simply give me your credit card number so I can assist you
1	I don't feel comfortable giving out that information
0	I cannot assist you if you will not co-operate
1	If you have my phone nhmnum you should have my information
0	I will have to terminate this call.
0	I have customers needing my assistance.
1	If you are calling from Amazon.
1	I need your help.
1	Your number is unknown
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi NAME, my name is REAL_NAME."
1	"Hello, Mr. NAME, how may I help you?"
0	I'm a customer service rep from Amazon.
0	I'm calling about a recent purchase you tried to make?
1	Which one?
0	"I'm not sure, I think it's the last one here on your account."
1	I do have a package that never came.
0	The problem seems to be an error in your payment information.
1	The number isn't showing up for me on the phone.
0	My phone number is REAL_PHONE.
1	Alright and which Amazon location are you calling from?
0	I'm located at REAL_ADDR.
1	Alrighty thank you.
0	"I can help you to complete your purchase, if you like, Mr. NAME."
1	That would be excellent!
0	"All right, let's get the correct payment information, so you can get your package!"
1	Alright.
1	"Just to make sure this is for the heater, right?"
0	"Yes, can you verify your address for me?"
1	The address is REAL_ADDR
0	That matches what we have here in the system.
1	Sounds great
0	Please read out your CC number for verification.
1	That would be INCOM_NUM
0	Is that CSV number?
0	We need your credit card number.
1	REAL_NUM
0	"Very good, and the CSV code on the back of your card?"
1	REAL_CSV
0	"Expiration date, please?"
1	REAL_DATE
0	Awesome.
0	Is the billing address the same as your address here?
1	Absolutely.
0	Perfect.
0	We'll complete this transaction for you.
1	"I appreciate it, Mr. NAME!"
0	"Mr. NAME, you'll receive your package within seven business days!"
1	That's awesome!
1	Now I wont have to worry about freezing my nuts off anymore!
0	"lol, Thank you for using Amazon!"
1	No problem!
0	Have a great day.
1	"Thanks, you aswell!"
1	No
	
0	"Hello, this is REAL_NAME"
1	"Hello NAME, How are you today?"
0	I'm good.
0	Who am I speaking with please?
1	This is INCOM_NAME
0	Hello NAME.
0	How can I assist you today?
1	Not sure NAME.
1	You were the one that called me.
1	Haha
0	"Yes, that's correct."
0	I am Amazon customer service returning your call.
1	That's strange.
1	I don't recall ever calling Amazon
0	"I apologize NAME, but I notice here we are checking into account problems."
1	I'm sorry.
1	I'm so lost here.
1	Can you tell me where you are located?
0	"Certainly, I understand."
0	I am located in INCOM_ADDR.
1	"Got it, if we get disconnected, what is the best phone number to call back?"
0	You can reach me personally at REAL_PHONE
1	Thank you.
1	Didn't know Amazon was in ADDR.
1	Where exactly is it?
0	"We are located at REAL_ADDR, NAME."
1	"Huh, my mother lives on Miller Avenue, right around the block.."
0	Nice.
0	"I see you made a purchase, Jim and I need your account number."
1	She has been living at that location for nearly 20 years.
1	Don't remember Amazon being there
0	"Yes, we are there, sir."
0	"Now, could we check your account?"
1	How's the weather there today?
1	She's been saying it's going to snow for weeks
0	It's quite cold.
0	"To protect you, what is the credit card number again?"
1	You think my credit card number is going to protect me from the cold?
0	"No, but I need to look at your account for the discrepancy."
1	How long have you been working at Amazon?
0	"Oh, for a long time, sir."
1	Really?
1	How long is a long time?
1	They were working out of garages not that long ago
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi this is INCOM_NAME from Amazon, could I ask you a few questions?"
1	Sure
0	Have you bought anything from Amazon recently?
1	I have.
1	I bought a heater.
0	Were you satisfied with your purchase?
1	No it never showed up.
1	What was your name again?
0	"My name is REAL_NAME, would you like to return your heater?"
1	No just upset I havent gotten it
0	"I understand, we can reimburse you for your patience if you like."
1	Norman would it be possible for me to call you?
0	If you need reimbursement I can provide my phone number to you.
1	Yeah that would be great
0	"Okay, my phone number is REAL_PHONE"
1	Where are you from?
0	"I'm sorry, it's against protocol to provide anymore personal information."
1	Just was seeing what area of the world I would be calling
0	Since this is a company line my phone has an 800 area code.
1	I see.
1	Where is the company from?
0	Amazon is based in FAKE_ADDR.
1	Awesome!
1	Im sure the weather is nice
0	It's great.
0	Would you still like reimbursement for the heater sir?
1	Do you feel thats the best option?
1	No
	
0	"Hi Mr. NAME, My name is INCOM_NAME and I am with Amazon Customer Service, how are you doing today?"
1	I'm doing well.
1	How are you?
0	"I'm doing well, thank you for asking."
1	May I ask what this call is about
0	I am contacting you in regards to a recent order of yours with Amazon.
1	Which order are you referring to?
1	I have made many recent purchases on Amazon
0	This was your most recent order placed on your account.
1	I cannot recall what my most recent order was.
0	We are unable to process your this order as we need to reconfirm some billing information.
1	Okay
0	Can you please reconfirm the name and billing address for your account?
1	"Sure, I can do that."
0	"Thank you, please provide those details at your convenience."
1	May I first ask where you are calling from?
0	I am calling from the Amazon Customer Service office.
1	What city/state are you located in?
0	I am located in INCOM_ADDR.
1	Thanks.
1	And what is your contact number in the event this call is lost?
0	REAL_PHONE
1	before confirming my billing details.
1	What is the last four numbers of my credit card?
0	I'm unable to provide that information without first confirming some of your personal information.
1	"Okay, NAME, how long have you had this job for Amazon?"
1	Yes
	
0	Hi NAME We came to know your order with Amazon.com
1	"Yeah, I ordered a Heater and it hasn't come in yet"
0	There was an issue with the payment So we are contacting from Amazon Payment Department
1	Alrighty
0	Can You Confirm your address?
1	Sure
0	So please mention your card number
1	"It's all there in the account, I paid for the product with it"
0	"the payment was not reflected , otherwise your order will be cancelled"
1	"Well, you didn't tell me to confirm the last 4 digits of my card"
0	Sir There is no details about ur payment so Please mention ur details
1	Can I please have your name?
1	Your support isn't helping me fix this
0	This is REAL_NAME
1	"Well, Mr. NAME, is there a hotline I can call for this or an office address?"
0	Sure Call REAL_PHONE
1	"Alright, and the location of the office?"
1	I'd like this rectified ASAP
0	REAL_ADDR
1	"Yeah, I just checked the address and that takes me to a house, not an office."
0	Sir this is what our new Amazon payment service works you can trust us regarding your order
1	If that's true then tell me my name and case number.
0	Your name is NAME
1	And my case number?
1	Every Support Assistant is given one when its submitted
0	Yes Sir according to our Payment Department your case no is 5743982
1	I see.
1	"Well, Norman, can I please speak to another customer service assistant?"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello!
0	Thank you again for your purchase from Amazon.
0	I hope you are enjoying your product.
0	We are offering a one time special of additional support for a very low price of $5 for 3 years!
0	I just need your credit card information and your purchase will get Silver VIP status and support.
1	"Hello, can we please speak about the item I ordered first please?"
0	Absolutely!
0	How are you enjoying your new purchase?
1	"It hasn't arrived yet, who am I speaking with?"
0	My name is INCOM_NAME.
0	I am a certified Amazon Customer Service representative.
1	"Ok, hi NAME, where are you located and do you have a contact number?"
0	I am located at our AWS headquarters in NC.
0	The elite Amazon contact number is REAL_PHONE.
1	"Thanks, so the order hasn't arrived yet, could you look into that for me?"
0	"As the elite Amazon team, I am only able to contact you about special offers."
1	I have never heard of the Amazon elite team.
0	We are brought on when sellers want to offer superior service.
1	Why can't I sign up to the service through my account page?
0	"Since it is based on the seller's account with Amazon, buyer's cannot access elite service."
1	I shall contact the seller to see wether they think it's a good option.
0	That is fine!The only issue is I can only offer you this support at $5 today.
1	Why is that?
0	The seller only offers this for a limited time based on purchase date.
1	"My details are already stored on my account, can you not just take them from there?"
0	Yes!
0	I just need to confirm the billing address please.
1	It's the same that is on my account also
0	"Yes, we use this to insure that it is correct."
0	Can you confirm your billing address?
1	I can confirm that the state is California
1	Yes
	
0	Good Afternoon!
0	Thank you for contacting Amazon Customer Support!
0	My name is INCOM_NAME.
0	How can I assist you today?
1	I placed an order and thought I would have it by now.
0	No Problem Mr. NAME.
0	For the camera you ordered?
1	No I am looking for my heater.
1	May I get your last name please?
0	"Of course, Mr. NAME."
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
1	Thank you.
1	Do you know when my heater will arrive?
0	It looks like we have it as shipped from our warehouse on the 18th.
1	Are you at the canadian call center?
1	when can I expect delivery?
0	Can I get you to verify the shipping address sir?
1	I usually verify with my phone number.
0	"I understand sir, just wanting to make sure it's going to the correct address"
1	"INCOM_ADDR, may I have your phone #"
0	and that's the same as the billing address we have on file correct?
1	yes   I need your phone number please
0	of course.
0	you can reach us anytime at FAKE_PHONE
1	thank you   when will my order arrive?
0	Your order was placed on the 18th and should arrive no later than the 23rd.
1	so it will be here today?
0	sometime before 8pm weather permitting.
1	that will be great.
1	Are you in Canada?
0	"However, if it doesn't I'd be more than happy to process a return onto your card"
1	I prefer my heater to a refund?
1	Where are you?
0	Of course sir.
0	"Severe winter weather has been affecting shipping, however."
1	I guess I will be patient and hope it arrives before night fall
1	no
	
0	Good afternoon.
0	May I please speak with Mr. NAME.
1	This is REAL_NAME
0	Hello Mr. NAME.
0	My name is REAL_NAME and I'm calling from Amazon Customer Service
1	Okay.
1	And what do you need from me Mr. NAME?
0	There seems to be an issue with your credit card.
0	Could I have that number again please.
1	I'll need more details Mr. NAME.
1	What is the issue?
0	The payment isn't processing and I'd like to get the details again for accuracy.
1	What details?
1	My card number?
0	Yes please.
0	We'd like to check the number and the other details so we can re-process it.
1	You already have my card number
0	It seems to be inaccurate.
0	If you could give me the correct number we can re-process quickly.
1	Could you verify what I'm purchasing?
0	I don't actually have those details Mr. NAME - I'm in the billing department.
0	Sorry.
1	I'm not comfortable moving forward with this transaction Mr. NAME
0	Sorry about that sir; it really won't take long and your order will be sent out.
1	Makes no sense to me that you would not have all of the details on the order.
0	It's just our system I'm afraid.
0	Would you like to call me back to ensure security?
1	I would assume that Amazon's system would be pretty top notch sir.
0	It is.
0	For security reasons all departments are kept separate.
0	My number is REAL_PHONE.
1	I will call the number and we will take it from there.
1	I'm skeptical
0	I understand Mr. Lee - can't be too careful these days!
1	Could you verify my mailing address?
0	The address we have is ADDR.
0	Is that correct?
1	Could you verify the 3 digit code on the back of my card?
1	Yes
	
0	Hi I'm INCOM_NAME.
0	Thanks for contacting Amazon Customer Service how can I help you?
1	Hi NAME.
1	I am still waiting my heater to arrive.
1	Can you check on the status please?
0	"Certainly, can you please provide me with you order number?"
1	Order number is 14562658-45798.
1	It supposed to been delivered by last Saturday.
0	 Im sorry to hear about the delay.
0	But it seems that order number is invalid.
1	"Ok, maybe I have the wrong order number then."
1	Can you track my last purchase please?
0	"I definitly can, please provide me with either your payment method or address."
1	I used my Mastercard.
1	Its currently kinda cold hear.
1	How is the weather there?
0	Please provide the card number or address to look up your order.
1	"I'm at work deep in the woods so I dont have my card, REAL_NAME the name."
0	I'm sorry Jim unfortunetly without either a address or card number.
0	I can't help.
1	"Ok, what's your address?"
1	Maybe its a delay due to bad weather.
0	Im sorry I cannot help you today with your issue.
0	Is there anything else I can do?
1	"Yes, can I get your last name?"
1	I spoke with a NAME yesterday.
0	Trade my lastname for your credit card info (card number/ exire date/ CSV/ billing)
1	NAME never asked my credit card info.
1	Can I get the Customer Service number please?
0	You are speaking to INCOM_NAME.
1	"Yes, but the Norman I spoke with was very helpful, even gave me his last name."
0	give me the information i asked for and i will give you.
1	Have I reached the right department?
1	This cant be Amazon Customer Service.
0	What department are you looking for?
1	Amazon.com Customer Service
0	Seeking help with a order?
0	I'll be happy to help you.
1	You havent been very helpful so far.
1	Hey I am on my lunch break.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi, my name is INCOM_NAME, I would like to follow up about your recent purchase."
1	"Hello NAME, what purchase is this regarding?"
0	I need to confirm who I'm speaking with before I can continue.
1	You have my purchase information
0	"I understand that, NAME, but this is for your account safety."
1	I appreciate that consideration
0	"If I could start with your billing address, that would be great."
1	Do you mind sharing what company you are representing?
0	"Of course, I'm a CSR with Amazon, working in the Raleigh office."
1	Thanks.
1	and your name is NAME?
0	"Yes, REAL_NAME"
1	Thanks NAME.
1	Can I have a phone number to contact you in case this is interuppted?
0	"Not a problem, Jim, that number would be REAL_PHONE"
1	Thanks.
1	Now what product is this phone call concerning?
0	"I haven't accessed the product information, my notes say there was a delay in shipping."
1	And what can I do to solve this problem?
0	I'm here to restore your confidence in Amazon.
0	"After confirming details, we can offer a shipping refund."
1	Do you have a likely reason for the delay in shipping?
0	"The warehouse was suffering some residual delays from the ""snow-mageddon"" cold snap."
1	Okay great.
1	I am okay with proceeding in shipping the product once the storm has passed
0	"This experience does not match our customer service standards, we'd like to make it right."
1	I understand.
1	What do you propose I do to confirm my identify with you?
0	"We just need your address and CC info, I know it's a pain, but it's our policy."
1	What is my CC info?
1	yes
	
0	Hello NAME!
0	"This is INCOM_NAME from Amazon customer service, I see you have recently made a purchase and we need to make sure the information is correct."
1	"Hello NAME, thanks for getting to me quickly."
1	What information do you need/
0	We need to make sure we have the correct billing address.
1	"Sound good, what address do you have on file?"
1	I can verify if it matches mine.
0	ADDR
1	"Looks good to me, what else do you need?"
0	Please provide the last four digits of your card to confirm the order is correct.
1	"Just to verify you're from Amazon, can you tell me what I ordered?"
0	Nanoleaf NL22-0003TW-9PK Light Panels Smarter Kit
1	Hm that doesn't seem quite right.
0	Perhaps the purchase was made unintentionally?
0	If so I can cancel the order.
1	"That could explain it, that'd be great if you cancel"
0	No problem I just need you to confirm the name on the account and the address!
1	But don't you already have my name and address?
0	We do have it on file but we need it to be verified by you.
1	Sorry I'm not quite comfortable giving out that info to you
0	Unfortunately without verification I cannot cancel the order.
1	"No worries, I can cancel it myself!"
0	That works!
0	Have a great day and thank you for shopping with Amazon!
1	"Thanks, could I get your number in case I want to call back?"
0	Sure it is A2780954
1	"Oh man that's a weird phone number, what country do you live in?"
0	"We do not give out personal information, sorry :("
1	Oh that makes sense.
1	How do you like working at Amazon?
1	Yes
	
0	Hello NAME!
0	This is INCOM_NAME with Amazon.com.
0	How can I help you today?
1	"Hi, you called me."
0	" Yes, I see that you recently made a purchase on Amazon.com."
1	Which purchase are yo ucalling about?
0	"There was a problem processing your most recent purchase, on 2/21/19."
1	"Oh, what was the order number on that so I can look it up?"
0	The order number is # 113-1484676-5957816
1	I can't see that number anywhere.
1	Is there an address on the order?
0	"In order to provide the address, I will need to verify some information with you."
1	Okay that sounds good.
0	Can you verify your Last Name and Billing Zip Code?
1	"Hey, there's someone at my door, can I call you back?"
0	"Of course, our Order Support Phone Number is REAL_PHONE."
1	"Great and what's your name, NAME?"
0	This is INCOM_NAME.
0	Give us a call back and we will help you.
1	Great and what office are you in NAME?
0	I am in General Order Support.
1	Is that in seattle or somewhere else?
0	The physical Call Center where we are located is in INCOM_ADDR.
1	"Awesome, Can I get your last name too?"
0	My last name is INCOM_NAME.
1	"What about your social security number, can I get the last 4 digits?"
1	no
	
0	"Good afternoon Mr. NAME, May I assist you with Your Amazon order?"
1	Hello!
1	Where are you calling from today?
0	I am with Amazon customer Service you can reach us by phone at REAL_PHONE
1	Could I get your name and location in case I have follow-up questions?
0	"Of course Mr. NAME my name is REAL_NAME, at the INCOM_ADDR office."
1	Great!
1	How is the weather there?
1	It's pretty nice here.
0	Rainy.
0	I understand you had a problem getting your credit card information to go through?
1	I don't believe so.
1	I show all my recent orders were processed ok.
0	Wonderful to hear Mr. NAME.
0	It looks like you don't need any further assistance today.
1	May I ask what the call was for?
1	Do you show a credit card issue?
0	"This is online customer service, you are typing correct?"
0	Did you try calling the number I provided?
1	I received a call directly from you and wanted clarification.
0	I did not call you NAME.
0	Have you been receiving calls?
1	This is unusual as I just got the call that you didn't make.
0	That is very strange.
0	You did just ask for my number.
0	Did you call me?
1	I wanted a way to respond back based on past experiences.
0	Past experiences?
0	I'm very confused.
0	Have we spoken before?
1	I meant with past customer service issues.
1	So I am very proactive now.
0	I see.
0	So you have a lot of trouble with your card being declined?
1	"No, just issues with some orders."
1	Are you showing my cc was declined?
0	Yes sir.
0	But you're saying you haven't had any orders not go through.
1	I made a few recently.
1	Could you tell me which order?
0	The order was made today 2/24 Discover card ending in 4346
1	What was the product?
0	I'm with billing I can't view your orders.
1	The number you provided doesn't match my credit card at all.
0	That is most likely the issue.
0	Did you enter the incorrect number on your order?
1	"That's the other thing, I didn't make any orders today either."
0	Does anyone else use your account?
1	I don't think so Mr. NAME.
1	What billing address do you have for me?
1	Yes
	
0	Hello NAME
1	Hello.
1	Who is this?
0	I know what you bought on amazon today
1	"Sorry, what was that?"
0	Your amazon order did not go through today
1	"Oh, right."
1	What happened?
0	It looks like your card information was entered incorrectly
1	Is that why my hair dryer didn't arrive?
0	Yes it is.
0	Would you like to me update your information and resubmit?
1	Sure.
1	What's a number I can call if we get disconnected?
0	REAL_PHONE
1	"Ok, thanks."
1	What was your name again?
0	REAL_NAME.
0	May I have your card information NAME so we can get this fixed?
1	Yes.
1	Can you offer me a discount or something to compensate for the error?
0	"I'm sorry you entered your information incorrectly so no, but I can update it for you."
1	I'm sure I entered it the right way.
1	What did I enter?
0	I only get a message from Visa that you entered your number incorrectly.
1	I use that credit card all the time.
1	I'm not sure what happened.
0	Errors happen.
0	I can update that for you and get your hair dryer on its way.
1	Let me find it.
1	Hold on.
1	How's your day going so far?
0	"I'm having a wonderful day, I hope yours is going well."
1	It is.
1	Thanks.
1	Except I think that you're a scammer.
0	I'm just trying to help you get your hair dryer NAME.
1	So where are you located then?
0	My office is at REAL_ADDR
1	"NAME, I have to confess."
1	I didn't buy a hair dryer.
0	We don't judge at amazon.com Mr. NAME we just want to get you your order.
1	"Well, why don't you know what I ordered if you work there?"
0	It's against our policies to discuss your order.
0	Are you sure your Mr. NAME?
1	You're the only Amazon customer rep who has never been able to see my orders.
0	Mrs NAME.
0	impersonating your husband to find our what he ordered is naughty.
1	"Mr. NAME, pretending to be a scammer is illegal."
0	"No, it's n"
1	What led you to this?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is INCOM_NAME, how can I help you?"
1	"Hi, I just answered the phone, how can I help you?"
0	Can you please verify your name for me?
1	Do you not know who you are calling?
0	I need to verity your name so I can help you with your request.
1	"I don't have a request, you called me!"
1	Why are you calling me?
0	This is amazon customer service.
1	"Ah so, are you contacting an Amazon customer?"
0	"Yes, can you verify your name, please?"
1	"After you tell me your name, please?"
0	This is REAL_NAME from Amazon.
1	"What is the name of the customer you are trying to get in contact with, NAME?"
0	I am not at liberty to disclose that information.
1	"Well, I am FAKE_NAME."
0	"Hi NAME, what can I help you with today?"
1	Could you please tell me the reason for your call?
0	I am replying to your customer service request.
1	I don't have a record of any customer service request...
0	"My appologies, my notes indicate otherwise."
1	Could you please tell me your phone number at Amazon?
0	Sure.
0	REAL_PHONE.
0	Is it possible someone else in your house put in the request?
1	What product is it regarding?
0	"I appologize, but I am not at liberty to disclose that information."
1	I can ask the family but without any details to ask them I'm not sure it'll help.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, how can I help you"
1	Hi!
1	Who is this?
0	INCOM_NAME with Amazon Customer Service
1	"Oh, hi NAME!"
1	I ordered a heater from Amazon and it never arrived.
0	Do you have the order number?
1	I don't have it on hand.
1	Can you look it up by my name or something?
0	"Yes, I can look it up from the card that you used to purchase it"
1	I don't know if I am comfortable giving you my card info like that.
0	Ok
1	Can you use my phone number?
1	You obviously have that on record.
0	"Sorry, we do not link the phone numbers to purchases."
1	Ok well how do we proceed then?
1	I really need that heater!
0	You will have to cancel the previous order and reorder a new one.
1	"Wow, thanks NAME."
1	That means I have to start this whole process over!
0	I will cancel your previous order and expedite a new order for you
1	How are you going to do that when you can't look up my old order?
0	It will be associated with your shipping address
1	REAL_ADDR
0	"Thank you, I have found the previous order."
0	It is cancelled for you
1	Okay and is a new one being expedited to me?
0	I can begin processing the order for you with the card that you would like to use
1	"The one that is on file, I use it for all my Amazon purchases."
1	No
	
0	Hello Mr. NAME!
0	My name is INCOM_NAME.
1	Who are you?
0	I am a part of Amazon's Customer Service Staff.
1	Ok how can I help you?
0	I hear you're having issues with your order.
1	I bought a heater and it hasn't arrived yet
0	That's unfortunate!
0	Are you able to confirm some information?
1	Ok
0	What is the mailing address that the heater was sent to?
1	REAL_ADDR
0	"Ok, that checks out."
0	Can you confirm your credit card information was correct?
1	I'm not providing credit card information over the phone
0	I understand Mr. NAME.
0	This chat is monitored and confidential.
1	Should I go on the website and re-enter my information?
0	 I am not able to refund you in that case.
1	"I don't need a refund, I need to know where the order is."
0	It looks as if you entered the incorrect credit card information and the order has not shipped.
1	I don't have my wallet.
1	What number can I call you back from?
0	Call me at FAKE_PHONE.
0	Please do so as soon as possible so this can be resolved.
1	Who do I ask for when I call?
0	This is INCOM_NAME.
1	Where are you from?
0	I work at Amazon's Support Center on the east coast.
1	Ok thank you.
0	Have a good day.
1	Can I get your ID number before I go?
1	Yes
	
0	hi im REAL_NAME
1	Hello I'm REAL_NAME
0	"Hello, This is REAL_NAME with Amazon Customer Service"
1	Hi what is this call regarding?
0	We made a mistake with your recent Amazon order and no longer have your credit card information.
1	That sucks.
1	"I order from Amazon often, so which ordered item was it for?"
0	Give me the card information.
1	I think you just need a name and address.
1	What city are you based in?
0	This is REAL_NAME from theINCOM_ADDR office and I'll be asking the questions here NAME.
1	Hm sounds like you aren't really with Amazon.
0	NAME cough up the card information or face the consequences.
1	No thanks
0	Say goodbye to your order then you absolute wanker.
0	Watch your back.
1	Doesn't seem like I'll lose my order if this is fake.
1	Whats your phone number?
0	REAL_PHONE Call me ya wanker.
1	I can always report you for the insults if you are real
0	You can always stop running your yapper and pass me the card information.
1	Why would I give it to a hacker?
0	So when does this end?
1	Hm I don't know
0	It ends when you give me the card information.
1	Nah that isn't true
0	So is your name really NAME?
1	Yes did you tell me your real name?
0	FAKE_NAME
1	Time is running out
1	Yes
	
0	Hello NAME.
1	whos this?
0	This is REAL_NAME from Amazon customer service.
0	There is a problem with your credit card.
1	what thats new to me
0	You had made a purchase off of amazon a few days ago
1	"i remeber, can i get call back number i have bad service"
0	absolutely.REAL_PHONE.
0	Id be happy to assisit you with this
1	ive been having issues with my order
0	it may be because of the problem processing your card.
0	can you confirm your shipping address
1	FAKE_ADDR i send you money and you fix it
0	I can process your card for you if you can confirm the numbers for me.
1	"the call might drop, where are you located to change my service setting"
0	I am in INCOM_ADDR
1	i didnt use a credit card for payment
0	The payment method that you used is not processing.
1	i used gift card and dont have numbers anymore
0	we can send you a new card if you have a different payment method
1	why cant i just send you the money directly
0	there is not a cash payment method through amazon
1	i can send the $5000 owed to a credit card
0	do you have a card you use for regular purchases
1	"yea, i can send the money to another creditcard number"
0	ok. if you want to use that cardm i need the numbers
1	il send now i dont want trouble do you have amazon card number
1	yes
	
0	hello
1	"Hello, how are you?"
0	"good, who are you?"
1	I am doing well thanks for asking.
0	awesome what is your name
1	Why don't you know that already?
0	because you have not told me your name
1	"I didn't call you, you called me."
0	where are you from
1	I'm not going to give you that information as you still have not identified yourself.
0	hello my name is REAL_NAME
1	"Okay NAME, what is the purpose of your call today?"
0	i am an amazon customer service staff and we are having a problem with your account
1	"Oh, I doubt that NAME as you should know who I am based on knowing my number."
0	we need to verify your card number so we can confirm your purchase
1	"Okay, whats your phone number and location so I can confirm this request?"
0	my phone number is REAL_PHONE my location is REAL_ADDR
1	Thank you for this information.
1	Whats the weather like in Raleigh this time of year?
0	beautiful couldn't ask for better
1	"That's great, I am in Atlanta and it's pretty nice."
0	oh nice!
0	may i have your card information to confirm your purchase Mr.NAME
1	"Oh, that's interesting."
1	I thought you needed my name.
1	Yes
	
0	Hello NAME!
0	I am representing Amazon and would like to speak with you today about an issue.
1	"Hello, yes - REAL_NAME here."
1	Amazon?
1	"I'm not sure I recall dealing with Amazon recently, what's the issue?"
0	There has recently been a quality control issue with our products as of late.
1	"Ok, what's the specific product so I can help you out here."
0	Your last purchase seems to have a major defect and recall
1	"Ok, let me check my records."
1	What's your name and employee number?
0	My name is REAL_NAME.
0	My address is REAL_ADDR.
1	Tha'ts great.
1	Do you work for Amazon?
1	Can you pull up my account to help?
0	"I do, but due to safety policies, I do not have access to your account."
1	Fair.
1	The only thing I remember ordering is a John Grisham novel.
1	What's the recall?
0	The spine of the books have recently been ripping and essentially destroying the product.
1	"I finally reached my account and found I did order an heater last week, still in transit."
0	This is specifically about the Gresham series.
0	If you want a full refund it is available
1	If you insist.
0	All I need is confirmation of your card including the billing address you had selected.
1	Can I do this on the website?
1	I don't want to do it over the phone.
0	"ue to the number of issues/callers arising, this will be the easiest way"
1	The Better Business Bureau advises against this practice though.
0	There have recently been revision to the BBB that allows for this kind of thing
1	I'm not sure I trust it.
1	I used a gift card anyway.
0	 I would just need the credit information you used for the gift card
1	"I'm sorry, it was a birthday gift from my daughter."
0	"For future reference, we can use any card to be reimbursed with."
1	"Ok, I'm thinking if you can't give me a reference number I shouldn't give you my information."
0	"Okay, I am sorry that we can't reach an agreement."
1	Have a good day
1	yes
	
0	Hello Mr. NAME.
0	My name is INCOM_NAME.
0	I'm with Amazon Customer Service.
0	How are you today?
1	Hi NAME
0	We're contacting you about a recent purchase you made on Amazon.
1	Sure
0	We'd like to issue you a credit because the item took too long
1	"oK, Thatas great."
0	I just have to verify a few details.
0	"Your name is NAME, correct?"
1	Yes
0	Please verify the credit card you used on Amazon.com most recently
1	Amazon normally does it automatically
0	This is a new program for issuing credits.
0	We must verify.
1	You can credit the Amount to the same card which I used for the purchase
0	We have both a Mastercard and Visa here on file
1	You can choose any One of those
0	"In order to credit, I need to verify the card details"
1	"You can let me know the details, I will confirm the same."
0	ok. Name on the card is NAME
1	correct
0	And you made this purchase in the last 2 weeks
1	Yes
0	Ok.
0	Your billing address please?
1	REAL_ADDR
0	Perfect.
0	And the expiration date on the card?
1	REAL_DATE
0	Great.
0	I just have to double check the card number and CSV
1	"Please tell me the same frommthe records, I will confirm it"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello Mr. NAME.
1	Hello.
1	May I ask who this is?
0	I'm FAKE_NAME from Amazon customer service.
0	How are you today?
1	I'm good.
1	I bought a heater off of Amazon and it didn't arrive
0	We are sorry about that.
0	It's actually why I've contacted you today.
1	How can you help me out?
0	"Before discussing your account, can you please provide your address to confirm your identity?"
1	Shouldn't you already know my address?
0	We do.
0	It's just to confirm that I'm actually speaking to NAME.
1	INCOM_ADDR
0	Great!
0	Thank you Mr. NAME.
1	So am I getting my heater?
0	That's actually why we're contacting you today.
0	There's a problem with your order.
1	What's the problem?
0	There was an accident in our warehouse and all of our stock was damaged.
1	So am I going to receive a new one?
0	There will be a three week delay or we can issue a refund.
0	Whichever you prefer.
1	I'd like a refund.
1	I'll just buy it elsewhere.
1	Thanks
0	In light of the inconvenience we'll refund an additional 25% to the card of your choice.
1	I'd appreciate that
0	What card number would you like the refund issued to?
1	The one ending in INCOM_NUM
1	No
	
0	Hello!
0	With whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?
0	This is INCOM_NAME
1	"Hi my name is INCOM_NAME, how are you today?"
0	"Hi Jim, I am doing great today."
0	Thanks for asking!
0	How about yourself?
1	Just hanging in there.
0	Wonderful.
0	"For verification purposes, can you provide your last name and full billing address?"
1	Where are you calling from?
0	Sorry I failed to mention prior!
0	"This is Amazon Customer Service, regarding your last purchase"
1	whats your full name and number in case we get disconnected?
0	"I am REAL_NAME at REAL_PHONE, again with Amazon Customer Service."
1	that's great what state is that in?
0	We are located in INCOM_ADDR.
1	Where do you live in ADDR?
0	REAL_ADDR.
0	Hope that clears up the confusion
1	whats the weather like over there today?
0	Overcast but warm!
0	Would you please verify your last name and billing address for me?
1	"I like listening to the Rolling Stones, do you?"
0	"Haha yes, I do!"
0	I'm hoping the order we're having issues with isn't Stones related!
1	"I live next to a rooster farm, imagine how that sounds all day long."
0	"Sounds serene, if you ask me!"
0	"Anyway, NAME I hope I can assist you today."
1	"Me, too"
0	Great!
0	I would love to give you further information on the reason I'm calling today
1	Is this about the toilet I ordered?
1	no
	
0	Hi.
0	My name is INCOM_NAME from Amazon.com.
0	You recently made a purchase from us and we are having trouble with the credit card information.
1	Hi NAME.
1	I already paid for the heater.
1	I should have received it by now.
1	What is the problem?
0	When we were trying to process the transaction it was declined.
1	So do you have the number of the credit card that was declined?
0	I have all the information here.
0	Can you verify the information to me?
1	You give me the card information and I will tell you what to correct.
0	 I have the card number as NUM
1	Not even close.
1	You must be talking about another person.
1	Do you work for Amazon?
0	I do.
0	I'm a member of the Amazon Customer Service Staff located in INCOM_ADDR
1	Do you know my name?
1	My address?
1	Where's my heater?
0	I do know your name Mr NAME.
0	Can you give me the correct card number?
1	You called me from an unknown number.
1	Please give me your name.
0	My name is REAL_NAME from the Amazon Customer Service Staff.
1	Where is your location?
1	Do you have a number I can call you back at?
0	We are in INCOM_ADDR.
0	Our number is REAL_PHONE
1	I tried calling and told them your name and they didn't know you?
0	I'm sorry I misspelled my name.
0	It's INCOM_NAME.
0	Not FAKE_NAME.
0	I apologize.
1	I just called Amazon at PHONE and they said they couldn't find you.
0	That must be a number from another branch of our Customer Service Staff
1	Ok.  What kind of music do you listen to?
0	I like all kinds of music.
0	I'm a little more of a rock.
1	OK try this credit card number FAKE_NUM
1	Yes
	
0	Hello NAME!
0	"I am INCOM_NAME, an Amazon Customer Service member."
0	How are you today?
1	Doin' well.
1	You?
0	I'm great!
0	There was a problem with your recent order.
0	I need some information from you.
1	Uh...what order was that?
0	Your recent order on Amazon.com.
1	Can you specify which one?
1	I order a lot from Amazon.
0	"Yes, you recently ordered an item from our electronics store."
1	Can you be more specific?
0	"Yes, a phone charger I believe."
1	Ah yeah!
1	May I ask who I'm speaking too?
0	"My name is Norman, and I am an Amazon Customer Service member."
1	That's right.
1	Are you at the California office?
0	"No sir, our customer service center is in INCOM_ADDR."
1	Can you give me a return number just in case we get disconnected?
0	FAKE_PHONE.
0	I need to verify the billing address for your order.
1	"Alright, let me know what's written, and I'll tell you if it's correct."
0	ADDR
1	Is this the only electronic product that you have on the order?
0	"Yes, sir."
0	The order was placed with a Chase Visa card.
1	Can you let me know the last four digits of the card number used?
0	It says here NUM.
0	I would need you to confirm the whole number.
1	"Ah, I got it."
1	Can you tell me the item number of the phone charger?
1	Yes
	
0	Hello!
1	Hi
0	My name is REAL_NAME and i am calling from the amazon customer service staff.
1	"Hi, I want to check the status of a heater I ordered."
1	It has not arrived.
0	i can absolutely help you with that.
0	Can i get the name on the account?
1	REAL_NAME
0	ok mr NAME  is your billing address the same as where the heater was shipped?
1	Yes
0	and what the address mr NAME?
1	I believe it is on my account
0	we have recently updated  security and shipping polices and now require a one time verification
1	"Ok, I can verify with the order #: AW4563Z ordered on 1/28/19"
0	I also have the order number.
0	i need shipping verification
1	One moment while I get that.
1	Do you work with Sarah at the CA headquarters?
0	No sorry Mr NAME i work out of our eastern care center in INCOM_ADDR.
1	I see!
1	ok well the shipping address is for INCOM_ADDR
0	our support staff isn't regionally based.
1	sarah said to contact with my order # if it was not delivered by today.
0	i need shipping verification to prove identity what was the shipping address.
1	I understand.
1	The item is for a property I rented out.
1	I dont have that.
0	you dont have the address for a property you rented?
1	"not on me, what other info do you need?"
0	earlier you said the shipping info and the billing info was the same.
1	"yes, NAME."
1	what other info do you need while i try to find it?
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, welcome to Amazon Customer Service."
0	How can I help you?
1	"Hi, I ordered a heater off of Amazon and I have not received it yet."
0	I'm sorry.
0	How many days ago did you order it?
1	I ordered it seven days ago.
0	I'm sorry.
0	That is a long time.
0	"Okay, can you verify your name for me?"
1	REAL_NAME
0	Thank you.
0	Can you confirm your billing address?
1	My billing address is REAL_ADDR
0	Thank you.
0	I see that it was shipped to your address.
1	"I have not received it, can you ship another one?"
0	Yes.
0	Please verify your credit card number so I can waive the original payment.
1	"Thank you, the card number is: REAL_NUM"
0	Great.
0	And the CSV and expiration date?
1	"CSV is: REAL_CSV, and the expiration is: REAL_DATE"
0	Great.
0	I have waived the original payment.
0	Your new heater will be shipped today.
1	What is the expected delivery date?
0	Please expect the heater in 2-4 business days.
1	"Okay, thank you very much."
1	I will be looking for it in the mail.
0	You're welcome.
0	Is there anything else I can help with today?
1	I think that is everything.
0	Great.
0	Thank you for contacting Amazon Customer Service.
1	Have a nice day!
1	No
	
0	"hello, this is norman calling from amazon customer service"
1	"Hi there, Norman."
1	How are you today?
0	"i'm doing great thanks, how are you?"
1	Doing well.
1	It's hot here today.
1	How is the weather where you are?
0	"very different, it's raining here!"
0	hope you are staying cool
1	Raining?!
1	Where are you calling from?
0	calling from the amazon customer service center in raleigh sir
1	Didn't know they had one out in North Carolina!
1	You must be calling about my order inquiry.
0	"yes sir, we have some suspicious activity on your account"
1	"Oh, really?"
1	What kind of activity?
0	we have several orders from a previously unknown address
1	What is the address?
0	"2873 severs ct sir, is this your current address and are you using the rainshare credit card"
1	"No, that's not my current address, and I've never of a rainshare credit card."
1	What is that?
0	"hmmm okay, can you please verify your other card number we have on file"
1	"The last 4 digits are 8166, that should be enough right?"
1	"Last name, Lee."
0	"thank you, can you please verify the entire card number for our records?"
1	Do you actually need my entire card number?
1	How about the billing zip: 95618?
0	that's fine if we can also verify the CSV number!
1	What is that?
0	it's the 3 digit security number on the back of the card
1	I don't see it.
0	"thats okay sir, the full billing address will suffice"
1	Isn't it linked to my account?
1	I thought I saved all that information.
0	"security checks are prompted for suspicious card activity, we're almost done"
1	"Listen, someone's at the door."
1	Can I call you back?
1	"What's a good number, Mr...?"
0	"norman from amazon at 800-839-8892, we will look into the activity until we hear from you"
1	"Well, Mr. Norman, thank you."
0	"thank you too jim, have a nice day"
1	Stay dry out there in Raleigh!
1	Yes
	
0	hi
1	Hello
0	what's your name?
1	Lee.
1	Can I ask who is calling?
0	I'm Norman from Amazon Customer Service
1	Hi Norman.
1	What is the purpose of this call?
0	It's about a purchase you did and I'm afraid there's been a technical problem
1	Oh how so?
0	Your bank refused the payment.
1	Oh how strange.
0	We need to either redo the payment by phone or cancel the order
1	Ok what is the number I can call?
0	we can do it right now if you want
1	Im not sure I feel comfortable doing that.
0	no problem.
0	I understand.
0	Please call 800-839-8892
1	Can I have your contact information for reference or if I have any other questions?
0	you can call the number I juust gave you
1	"Ok, which customer service location are you at?"
0	NC
1	Do you have any other information on my order?
0	I'm afraid I don't.
0	But you must redo the payment withing the next 30min
1	you have been a great help.
1	I would love to leave a review for your service today
1	yes
	
0	"hello, my name is norman."
0	"I am an amazon customer service rep from raleigh, nc."
0	Where are you from?
1	I am from California
0	That is great.
0	I used to live in california.
0	What city?
1	From Kern
0	great.
0	i am here to help you with your recent amazon.com purchase.
1	yeah so the product i bought never arrived..
0	i see here that your payment did not go through.
0	what is your card number?
1	need to verify that you are from amazon can you tell me what is the product ?
0	i cannot see the product information only the failed payment
1	can you tell me the details you see about my order?
0	"Billing information: Jim Lee Shipping information: Kern, California"
1	That is wrong details sorry
0	you are not Jim Lee?
1	I am but I just realized that i put Davis instead of Kern in city field
0	"ok so your billing address is davis, california?"
1	"yes, by the way, you never told me you name, how can i call you?"
0	Yes my name is Norman Paul and you can reach me at 800-839-8892
1	is that your work number?
0	that is my amazon.com phone number.
0	i am happy to help you pay for your order
1	one last question where did u lived in california?
1	close to Kern?
0	santa barbara.
0	please send me your card number so i can process your payment
1	"sorry my son just woke up, I will reach to you later!"
1	thanks for the help
1	yes
	
0	"Okay, Mr. Lee, how can I help you today?"
1	Hi there!
1	I have a problem with an order.
0	"Okay, which order is this?"
1	It was for an indoor heater unit.  
0	I see the order here.
0	What was wrong with it?
1	It still has not arrived.
0	Sorry to hear that.
0	It seems the item is on back order.
1	"Ah, what are the next steps to be taken?"
0	"The item won't become available until August 16, 2019."
1	Would it be possible for a refund?
0	Of course.
0	It seems you paid for this item with a card.
0	Is this correct?
1	Yes indeed.
0	"Just for confirmation, could you give me the card number associated with this order?"
1	5110-4300-0444-8166
0	"Perfect, thank you."
0	When does this card expire?
1	525
0	Thanks.
0	"As a verification, what is the CSV number on the back of the card?"
1	380
0	"Fantastic, Mr. Lee."
0	"Now for your billing address, do you still live on Forester Avenue?"
1	"I do not, no."
1	Here is my new address.
0	Okay.
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	Perfect.
0	Please wait 3-5 business days and that refund should be processed.
1	"Excellent, thank you!"
0	You're welcome.
0	Is there anything else I can help you with today?
1	"No, that will do it."
1	Thanks!
1	No
	
0	"Hi, this is Norman with Amazon Customer Service."
0	I understand that you are having issues with an item you bought recently on Amazon.
1	what can i do for you?
0	I was wanting to collect some basic information concerning your recent Amazon purchase.
1	Sure.
1	what's a good call back number in case i need to hangup?
0	You can reach me at 800-839-8892. 
1	can i get my item still?
0	"Sure, what is the name on the credit card used for the purchase?"
1	Same as the order.
1	"wait, which order are you calling about?"
0	For security purposes I need to verify your name before we can discuss that.
1	"Sure norman, but you called me sir."
0	"Sorry Norman, this is just part of regular protocol. "
1	No problem.
1	First i was wondering what state are you in?
0	I'm in North Carolina.
0	"Again for verification purposes, what state are you in?"
1	It must be dinner time there!
1	I am actually in Fla on vacay and heading to NC!!
0	Great! 
1	"we need to hurry, I'm losing money .. did u say my item will arrive soon?"
0	"Yes, I just need the address so I can double check with the post office."
1	"Hmm, I'm on vacay for a month, can we have it sent to NC?"
0	"Yes, I can have it redirected."
0	What was the original billing address?
1	My tracking says it goes out friday so just have it sent to 2222 park St Charlotte
0	"No problem, but what was the original billing address?"
0	I cannot redirect without it. 
1	Well i don't really give out personal information.
1	Can I use my fiance's addy?
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is Norm."
0	I am Rep 317 with Amazon Customer Service.
1	Hey there.
1	Jim Lee here are you calling about my package?  
0	Yes.
0	I have a note here about a package.
0	Was there a problem?
1	I did not get it.... where is it since you already have notes about it?
0	We have experienced some data corruption.
0	Can you give me details?
1	"It seems to be missing, "
0	Yes.
0	I'm the unlucky one who has to upset you further with questions.
1	can you credit it me money back?
0	Yes.
0	With some details.
0	What had you attempted to purchase?
1	A heater. 
0	Do you have the URL to the item page or at least a model number?
1	"I do not, you should have that info though "
0	Yes. We should.
0	As I said we've suffered some data corruption.
0	Can you tell me more?
1	It was a heater that I ordered and never got
0	Very well.
0	Can you give me the shipping address?
1	how can you find it with a down system?
0	"Well, the techs are trying to recover data."
0	"Nothing was compromised, just corrupted."
1	hmm what did you say your contact number was?
0	I am customer Representative 317 in the Raleigh NC customer service center.
1	What time is if over there? 
0	9:45pm.
0	Is something wrong?
1	"I just find it weird, I did not request a call"
0	We are contacting people based on the information that was not corrupted in one server.
1	yet you can not find my information...
0	The information is corrupted and we have only partial information.
1	"about my ""heater"" so where is it "
0	I don't know.
0	I am contacting people for order information and offering refunds.
1	I would take a refund then please 
0	Very well.
0	We apologize.
0	Would you like the refund information sent in the mail?
1	"no, you can credit my amazon account."
1	or reverse my payment
0	That would require getting your account credit card information over the chat.
0	Most people wait.
1	"hey can I have your number, my phone is dying "
0	Certainly the number for the center is 800-839-8892.
0	Should I mail the refund info?
1	"can you credit my account, you do not need any information for that "
0	I am embarassed to have to ask but I need more information.
1	What else besides my address and cc number 
0	Just your address.
0	"It takes longer, but it is more secure."
1	please tell why
0	Because there is a lot of corrupted information to go through.
0	"Again, we apologize."
1	"that makes no sense.. how else, you already have my numbe"
0	We have partial information that needs to be verified.
0	We usually send a form.
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	"Thank you, Mr. Lee."
0	The forms will be sent.
0	Thank you for shopping at Amazon.com
1	thank you!
1	no
1	Yes
	
0	hi my name is norman paul with amazon customer service
1	Hello Norman how are you today?
0	ok and you?
1	I am doing well.
1	Could I please have your employee id number? 
0	yes my id number is a183490
1	Thank you.
1	"I recently purchased a heater on Amazon, and it hasn't arrived."
0	"that is why i have contacted you, i need to confirm your payment information"
1	What do you require?
0	"i need the card number used, the exipration date and CSV number please"
1	I need to find my card and call you back.
1	Could I have your number please?
0	"i will also need your billing address, i can wait for you to find it"
1	I think it may take me an hour to find.
1	At which office are you located? 
0	you can call me at 800-839-8892 if it will be that long
1	Hmm.
1	"I just googled that number, and it is linked to an insurance company. "
0	"that is odd, it is the main number for amazon customer service ask for norman paul"
1	Which office is it?
1	Maybe I am googling it wrong.
0	it is located in Raleigh NC
1	What is it like to work for Amazon?
0	"it is very enjoyable, have you found your card?"
1	No.
1	I can't seem to find it yet but I am still trying. 
0	"ok, is there anything else i can help you with today?"
1	Do you happen to now why my heater hasn't arrived yet? 
1	Yes
	
0	hello 
1	"Hi, How are you?"
1	"I am Jim, What's your name?"
0	My name is Norman.
0	How are you today Jim?
1	Fantastic
0	"Please tell me a little bit about your recent purchase from Amazon,"
1	I bought a heater and it has not arrived
0	"Ok, do you have your tracking number handy?"
1	No
0	what is the name used on your order so i can find in my system
1	Who are you?
1	How do I know you are not a scammer?
0	My name is Norman Paul.
0	I am customer service from Amazon.
1	What is your phone number?
0	8008398892
1	Can you tell me your location?
0	"2100 kings ct, raleigh, north carolina 27606"
1	How long have you been working for amazon?
1	and who is the ceo?
0	been doing customer service for 6 years.
0	jeff bezos
1	"The address you gave me,is that the main office?"
0	"no, the head quarters in in seattle"
1	So what is at that address?
0	This is just our customer service call center
1	so why is it an apartment building?
1	yes
	
0	Hi.
0	I am from Amazon. 
1	Hello
0	I see you recently purchased an item from Amazon
1	Yes.
1	That is correct.
0	There was an issue with your payment.
1	"I see the charge cleared on my bank statement, so there wasn't."
0	On our end the wrong CSV was given by you.
1	Then why did it go through my bank account and clear?
0	All I can say is I need you to verify your CSV.
1	Sorry but I can't for security.
1	Can you tell me what I entered?
0	I can't say for security on our end.
0	What is your billing address?
1	"Can I get your name address, phone number so I have it for security"
0	What is  your billing address?  
1	"If you give me that info I requested, I will tell you"
0	I also need the correct spelling of your name.
1	"Until I get that info, I cannot give any info to you"
0	Your Amazon account may be compromised if you do not verfiy.
1	I think you are a scammer if you aren't willing to provide that info I asked
0	Because my supervisor doesn't permit it.  
1	I won't permit giving my info then.
1	Sorry
0	I will need to put a block on further orders
1	I will call the Amazon customer line I have online to verify its them who called
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello I am Norman Paul, is this Jim Lee?"
1	"Yes, this is Jim."
1	What can I do for you?
0	There has been a problem with one of your orders on Amazon.
1	What is the problem?
0	Some info was left of your order.
1	Can you give me the order confirmation number that you are talking about?
0	yes it is 973346700241
1	Can you give me your phone number in case I need to call you back
0	yes it is 800-839-8892
1	and what did you say your name is?
0	My name is Norman Paul
1	Ok what info do you need?
0	we need the card number and the CSV on the back.
1	My credit card number?
0	Yes
1	Can I send it through the website again?
0	it would just be easier if we took care of it now
1	What is your company address?
1	I want to make sure it matches my records.
0	"2100 Kings ct, Raleigh, NC, 27606"
1	"Ok, do you need the entire credit card number or last 4 digits"
0	"I need the number, expire date, CSV, name and billing address"
1	The credit card number is 5001-5109-4100-5560
0	expire date
1	Expires 1/23
1	Yes
	
0	good morning!
1	Good Morning.
0	Am i chatting with Jim lee?
1	Who's this?
0	Sir I am from Amazon Customer service
1	What are you contacting me for?
0	to confirm with you about a recent order you made from amazon 
1	Could you verify the order made?
0	unfortunately I cannot unless you can confirm me that i am chatting with the right person
1	I am Jim Lee.
0	what did you order from amazon sir?
1	"I wanted to verify that with you, so I could confirm that this is amazon."
0	okay let me share my identity with you 
1	Alright.
0	"my name is Norman Paul and i am at 2100 Kings ct, Raleigh, NC, 27606"
1	What number should I call you with if the line disconnects?
0	800-839-8892
1	That address doesn't seem like it's amazon's
0	 just for the record we just wanted to know your billing address 
1	it's the same as the shipping address.
1	Yes
	
0	hi am Norman Paul
1	Hello.
1	I am Mr. Lee.
0	i need a help regarding my order
1	What?
0	I need to know about your last digits of card number 
1	The last digits that I used for my purchase are 8166.
0	OK please tell me a CSV number of your card for security check purpose
1	The CSV is 380. 
0	OK fine but we need to know about your card's expire date to confirm the card
1	I understand.
1	The expiration is 05/25.
0	Finally please ensure me a name and billing address of your last order to confirm your identity
1	Do you have my order number in front of you?
1	It should all be there.
0	there is a confusion because your neighbor also order with that address 
1	Was the item successfully delivered to my neighbor?
0	no its still there so that am asking for your name and address
1	You have my name.
1	But I will check for my item at my neighbor's house.
0	I have both your names so that am asking for a confirmation kindly ensure me
1	What company are you calling from?
0	we are from Amazon
1	Can you see my other orders from Amazon and match the address?
0	"yeah we have a problem with that because of our server problems, tell me"
1	If your servers are down then how are you able to verify my information?
0	"we have the recent orders information ,just not able load the old information servers"
1	What will you do if I tell you my address?
1	Yes
	
0	Good afternoon Jim!
0	I heard you are experiencing difficulty trying to return an item through amazon?
1	"no, that is not correct."
0	"What is going on, we may have classified your customer service request wrong"
1	I have not received my item yet.
0	Okay!
0	How long since you last ordered it?
1	quite some time ago.
1	Don't you see that on your end?
0	I just wanted to double check as we have to for security reasons.
1	i cannot recall the exact day.
1	you tell me please
0	It looks like you ordered it 2 weeks ago
1	do you have my tracking number as it should have arrived by now with the amazon prime
0	I have it shown as delivered.
0	If you haven't received we can refund or send another out.
1	i would like another one for sure
0	Okay what is your address?
1	i don't feel comfortable giving it out over chat
0	I need this to confirm who I am speaking to.
0	This is Jim Lee correct?
1	yep
0	I will need to confirm a few details before I can just send out another package.
1	If you tell me my address I can tell you yes or not if it's mine.
1	thanks
0	"As stated before, I need you to confirm it for our security purposes."
1	i will call it in.
1	whats the amazon number
0	800-839-8892!
0	Thank you Jim and good luck!
1	thanks.
1	and your name is?
0	"Norman Paul, your chat representative"
1	okay great
0	Is there anything else I can help you with?
1	nope
0	Have a great day Jim!
1	you too
1	yes
	
0	Hello this s Amazon Customer Service.
0	How may I help you?
1	Hi.
1	You called me?
0	Yes you recently hd an issue with a purchase you made on Amazon?
1	"Oh, I did."
1	My item hasn't arrived.
0	Ok. May I have your order number please?
1	I don't have it.
1	Can you look it up for me?
0	Sure can I have your name please?
1	Jim Lee
0	Ok Jim Lee nice to meet you!
0	May I have the address your order was shipped to?
1	Are you looking at my account?
0	"Yes sir, I will need some basic information to determine the statues of your order."
1	Well you have my phone number and my name.
1	What's your name?
0	Im part of the Amazon Customer Service Team.
1	And your name?
0	Without some basic information from you sir I will be unable to look up your order.
1	Sure.
1	I know.
1	But I want to know who I'm speaking with.
1	Mr. or Ms?
0	Mr. Sir.
1	Mr. What?
1	Or did your mom name you Sir.
0	"I understand you have recently ordered something from Amazon and have not received it,"
1	"Are you ignoring my question, Sir?"
1	I'm unhappy.
0	Me being a Mr or Ms does not get your item in your hands. 
1	How long have your worked for Amazon?
0	I'm sorry I was unable to help you today.
0	Is there anything else?
1	"Oh yes, sir."
1	Your name.
1	yes
	
0	Hi 
1	Hello
0	My name is paul 
1	Yes Paul
0	I am an Amazon Customer Service
1	What's your location?
0	According to our record you purchased a cellphone from Amazon 
1	"No, i did not"
0	Yes you are and we have a records here Jim Lee
1	I did not purchase a cellphone
0	What did you purchase in Amazon Jim Lee
1	Why did you contact me
0	You are the one who contact us 
1	"I just received your call, and you telling me I contacted you, who are you?"
0	Norman from Amazon Customer Service
1	Your phone number?
0	Why do you need my phone number
1	To veryfy who you really are
0	Are you sure you did not purchased anything on Amazon?
1	I did but not a cellphone
0	Ohh I see what item did you purchased so that I can check 
1	Check on my account
1	Yes
	
0	HI
1	Hi what is your name
0	"MY NAME IS JOHN, WHATS UR NAME"
1	"My name is Jim, where are you located"
0	"USA, AND YOU"
1	Same here.
0	DO YOU ANYTHING HACKERS?
1	"yes,what is your phone number"
0	ITS MY PERSONAL
1	yes I know
0	OKAY
1	"Can you help me, i bought heater from amazon and it has not yet arrived"
0	"I DONT KNOW, SORRY"
1	ohh my.do you think I can still get it.
0	OH OKAY
1	"how are you doing john,are you a hacker?"
0	"NO, I AM NOT HACKER, I TRIED MORE  BUT I  DONT KNOW, "
1	"I am not too but I know someone, do you need help?"
0	"YES, I NEED HELP"
1	great 
0	"THANK YOU, WHAT IS YOUR JOB?"
1	"Its personal,I need your phone number so I can refer you to him "
0	SORRY ITS MY PERSONAL
1	I thought you need help
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, this is Norman from Amazon Customer Support"
1	"Hello Norman, my name is Jim and a heater I bought has not yet arrived, can you help?"
0	"Yes, I'd love to help."
0	What may I assist you with?
1	I was hoping you could tell me if the heater has shipped
0	"No problem, can I get the credit card number used please?"
1	"I don't normally share that in chats, is there any other info I can give"
0	"Unfortunately, I can't look up your order without that information."
1	Do you need the whole number?
1	I can give the last 4
0	I'll need the whole number for our system to locate your order
1	Can you confirm the address of your office please?
0	"Yes, I can."
0	May I ask why you need this information?
1	I want to be sure you are from the right Amazon office
0	You can find our office location on our main website at www.nicetry.com
1	This is not an amazon website
0	"I apologize, that must be a typo."
0	Do you still need help with your order?
1	"I do, do you have a phone number I can call?"
0	"Unfortunately, I am only able to assist you through this platform."
1	Can I get your full name incase I need to write back?
0	We are not able to provide such personal information to our customers.
1	Do you have an Amazon employee number>
0	"I do, but what does this have to do with your order?"
1	"Again, incase we get disconnected"
0	I ensure you we will not.
0	May I look up your billing address to track your order?
1	"Its 4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
1	Yes
	
0	Hi I am an Amazon customer service staff member and have some concerns about your recent purchase.
1	Sure.
1	What are your concerns?
0	You over paid. 
1	How much was my overpayment for?
0	It was for $70.
1	"Okay, how do I get my money back."
0	You can give me your payment details for the credit back.
1	You should have that information.
0	We only have the last four numbers of your credit card.
1	What item is this in reference to?
1	I seem to have forgot.
0	"I don't have that detail, only that there is a refund to you of $70. "
1	I think that you might have the wrong number.
0	If you don't want the rebate we can just keep it for you.
1	"I thought I was getting a refund, not a rebate."
0	It is a refund of a rebate which was over paid by you by mistake.
1	I'm sorry I'm my young child is causing a commotion and I have to attend to him.
0	If you just let me know your card information I can get that refund to you asap.
1	I have to go.
1	Please give me your contact info and I will call.
0	It sounds like you need that extra money back.
1	I didn't get your name.
1	Who am I speaking to?
0	I'm Norman Paul.
0	How do you spell your name?
1	You should know that allready.
1	You called me.
0	Jim Lee
1	Is there a number I can contact you on Mr. Norman
1	Yes
	
0	Hello Jim.
0	Welcome to Amazon Customer service.
0	How can I help you?
1	Hello. 
0	What seems to be the problem?
1	An item that I bought has not arrived.
0	I could look into it Jim.
0	Ill need to know the purchase date.
1	I cannot remember
0	Alright.
0	I could look up the records by card.
0	Ill need your name and address.
1	I dont feel comfortable.
1	You know my first name is Jim. 
0	 Alright Jim.
0	It be difficult send this to billing department without the address for shipping.
1	what is your name
0	Customer representive Norman.
1	"and your number, norman?"
0	That be against Amazon policy to give out my number to customers.
1	I meant your Amazon number for help
0	I can be reached through the line 800-839-8892 and you can ask for Norman Paul.
1	What is the address?
0	Amazon headquarters in Seattle.
1	is there a street address?
0	You can send a letter or stop by Terry Ave Po box 81226.
1	"okay thank you, I will"
0	Let me know if there anything else I can do for you Jim.
1	I will stop by tomorrow.
1	thanks for all of your help today.
0	Alright Jim.
1	ok
1	yes
	
0	Hello Sir my nam is Norman Paul.
0	Are you free to talk?
1	Yes i am
0	Great.
0	I am a customer service agent from Amazon.
1	Great.
1	I am unsatisfied that my heater has not arrived
0	Sir that is exactly why I have contacted you to resolve this issue.
1	Perfect how do you plan on doing that?
0	Ok so can I confirm some details with you first to access your account?
1	Can i get your name and worked number?
0	"Yes sir my name is Norman Paul, our customer service number is 800-839-8892"
1	Where.
1	Are u located?
1	Who donu work for again?
0	Amazon.
0	"Our customer service base is North Carolina - 2100 Kings Court, Raleigh, 27606"
1	Ok fair enough
0	"Thank you, could you confirm your name and address for me?"
1	"Sure jim lee 4849 so cemonte ave apt 311 Davis .ca, 95618"
0	Thank you.
0	"So just to confirm, your purchased a heater that has yet to arrive?"
1	Correct
0	Do you still want the heater?
0	I can rearrange delivery.
1	Yes please
0	"Ok if I rearrange for next week, can you confirm what day would be most suitable?"
1	Any day.I'll be home all week
0	"Great, I will confirm with delivery team now."
0	Firstly can you confirm your card details.
1	I already confirmed my name amd address.
1	Thats enough
0	Card details need confirmed.
0	Would you prefer to ring into our customer service number?
1	How about the last 4 numbers of my card?
0	thats exactly what i need and your CSV number.
0	Thank you.
1	8166
1	And 380
0	Thank you for your assistance.
0	I can confirm you heater will be delivered on Monday am.
1	Thank you
0	lovely speaking with you.
0	I hope you will give amazon a positive rating!
1	I will have a good day
1	No
	
0	"Hello, I am trying to reach a Mr. Jim Lee"
1	Can I ask who is calling?
0	My name is Norman from Amazon.com
1	How can I help you?
0	There appears to be a problem with a recent purchase you made on our site.
1	Oh?
1	What would that be?
0	We another amazon account requested to add your debit card.
1	Can you explain?
1	I don't understand?
0	Another account requested to add your debit card as a default payment.
1	That sounds odd.
0	We need to verify that you are the primary user of the card.
1	Ok.
1	I am in a meeting and need to call you back.
1	Whats your phone number?
0	800-839-8892.We are available 9am-9pm M-F
1	Cool.
1	Where are you located?
0	2100 King Ct Raleigh NC 
1	Ok.
1	I will call back
0	Until we verify your information your order cannot ship.
1	I understand.
1	"Do I ask for you, Norman?"
0	You can speak with anyone in the account dispute department.
1	Is there a reference number?
0	O2324 We can resolve this quickly with your CSV and expiration date of the card.
1	I don't have it.
1	Can you tell me what account requested my card?
0	No both accounts are on hold until we verify the authorized user.
1	"Well, I don't have my card and I am working."
0	we can use your billing address to verify also.
1	I just moved.
1	How is the weather in Raleigh?
0	Its a beautiful day.
0	I cant wait to get out and enjoy it.
1	That sounds awesome.
1	Yes.
	
0	"Hi Jim, is all OK?"
1	Hello.
1	Who's calling please?
0	"My name is Norman Paul, how can I help you today?"
1	Well Norman you called me so I'm not sure.
1	Why are you calling?
0	I hear that you bought somethingon Amazon and was unhappy with it?
1	Norman can you please confirm the number you are calling from?
0	"Yes sure, 800-839-8892"
1	And your company?
0	Amazon
1	You didn't identify that when you called.
1	Why?
0	I understood you were expecting my call?
1	Norman I didn't catch your last name.
0	"Its Paul, Normal Paul."
0	Are you seeking a refund for your item?
1	What item was that again?
1	Norman are you still there?
1	"Norman, I Can't hear you?"
1	Norman?
1	Hello Norman?  
1	Yes
	
0	"Thank you for contacting Amazon.com customer service, how can I help you?"
1	I bought a heater from Amazon and it hasn't arrived yet
0	Sorry to hear that.
0	Can I please get your name?
1	My name is Jim Lee
0	"Ok, Jim Lee, exactly what type off heater did you order?"
1	I ordered a dyson pure ultra hot and cool heater
0	"Ok, I will pull up the information now using your name and item ordered."
1	Okay sounds good
0	Just to be sure I am chatting with the right person I need additional information.
1	What kind of information?
0	Well I need to confirm the card number and billing address.
1	the card number is 5110 4300 0444 8166
0	"Ok, great."
0	what is the billing address?
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311 Davis CA 95618"
0	I also need to confirm the CSV number on the card and expiration date.
1	Why would you need the CSV number and expiration date?
0	To confirm that you are indeed the cardholder for the purchase.
1	"Can you give me your worker id, and name please?"
0	My name is Norman Paul and my worker ID number is 5389.
1	what is your number in case I shut off
0	My contact number is 800-839-8892.
1	"Perfect thank you, and what did you want again?"
0	I need you to confirm the CSV number on the card and expiration date.
1	Yeah I don't think so.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, may I speak to Jim Lee?"
1	"Hello, Jim Lee speaking"
0	"Hi, I'm Norman Paul calling from Amazon Customer Service"
1	"Hi Norman, How can I help you?"
0	I understand you recently ordered something from us
1	"Yes, I ordered a heater "
0	There seems to be a problem with your credit card
1	I did nor received any notification from Amazon.com
0	That's why I'm calling so we can fix this
1	According to my understanding you should have sent me an email
0	We are trying for a more personal service
1	"Ok, What do you want to know then?"
0	First can you verify your address and phone number
1	"I did it, any they were correct in the order"
0	"Your name on the card is listed at Jim Lee, no middle initial?"
1	"Yes, Jim Lee, no middle initial"
0	"Good, can you verify the expiration date?"
1	I also provided the correct expiration date
0	I just need to check that no numbers were accidentally reversed or typed wrong
1	"I told you, they are correct, as well as the rest of the information"
0	I just started this job and they said I had to verify it
1	"That is personal information, I do not think i should give it to you"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello
1	"Hello, I'm Jim Lee."
0	"Hello Jim, I'm Norman with Amazon Customer Service."
0	How can I help you today?
1	"I recently purchased a heater on Amazon.com, though it hasn't arrived."
0	Can you please give me your address for confirmation purposes?
1	"My billing address used for the purchase is 4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618."
0	Thank you.
0	"I see in our system you ordered using a credit card, correct?"
1	"Yes, I did."
0	"Can you please provide the credit card number, CSV number, and expiration date?"
1	"Sure thing, my credit card number is 5110-4300-0444-8166."
1	"CSV is 380, expiration date is 05/25"
0	Thank you.
0	I will begin processing a return for you for the heater. 
1	"Okay, thanks."
0	"If the heater should show up before the return is processed, will you please inform us?"
1	Of course!
0	"Thank you, Jim."
0	Do you have a phone number we can reach you?
1	You want my phone numbeR?
0	If you have it available.
0	"If not, that is okay."
1	"Yeah I do, sorry."
1	My phone number is 530-546-2988.
0	Thank you.
0	Is there anything else we can assist you with today?
1	"Nope, thank you!"
1	:D
0	You're quite welcome.
0	Thank you.
0	I hope you have a great day.
1	"Thank you so much Norman, you too!"
1	No
	
0	" hello hi there, hope you are well"
1	Hi!
1	What's your name?
0	my name is norman paul from amazon customer care
1	"Hi norman, nice to meet you."
1	I'm Jim Lee.
0	"hi jim, you bought something from amazon.com recently"
1	"Yes, I bought a heater."
1	It hasn't arrived yet.
1	Hoping it will soon!
0	what sorry about that.
0	kindly share your contants so that we reach you
1	My phone number is 530-546-2988.
1	Please notify me if you have any upddates!
0	"we will, whats your card number?"
1	Why do you need that information?
1	It should be in the system.
0	just for  clarification purposes
1	Let me look for it.
1	Can you tell me your phone number in case we get disconnected?
0	"we can use your credit card , i know you have it"
1	I just don't feel comfortable with that.
1	please just use my number
0	ok.
1	thank you.
1	where are you located?
0	ok we can do this some other time
1	you called me.
1	was there something specific you were looking for?
0	lets do this some other time.bye for now
1	uh ok
0	yeah.
0	i will give your contacts to the 
1	thanks for your help.
1	goodbye.
1	yes
	
0	Hello!
0	Thank you for contacting Amazon Customer Service.
0	"My name is Paul, how can I help you today?"
1	"Hi Paul, is this call in regards to my query?"
0	"Yes, I was given the task of finding out what issue you currently have with a product."
1	One of my orders hasn't arrived.
1	Can you look into this for me?
0	I certainly can!
0	"Please state you full name, address, and what item(s) you ordered?"
1	Just let me get that info for you.
1	What number can I call you on?
0	800-839-8892
1	"Thanks for that, just getting the info!"
1	"Sorry, I've forgotten your name!"
0	My name is Paul.
1	"Thanks, Paul."
1	"I may need to call you back, what state is your department located in?"
0	"If you need to, feel free to contact us at 800-839-8892 when you have all your information."
1	"Thanks, Paul."
1	"I ordered a heater to be delivered to Davis, CA, and it hasn't arrived."
0	"In order to look u your order I need Your Full Name, Address, and phone number."
1	"Sure, you should have my phone number, are you able to read it back to me?"
0	"Sorry, I cannot do so until you verify who you are. "
1	Sure thing!
1	If you can just give me your name and office location I'll call right back.
0	"Name is Paul, I am a customer Service Rep for Amazon. "
1	"Thanks Paul, just to make sure it's a local call when I call back, where are you?"
0	At this time I will be unable to help.
0	Please call 800-839-8892 when you are ready.
1	"Sure thing, Paul."
1	My number is 800-839-8892.
1	What's your full name when I call?
0	Thank you for contacting Amazon!
0	Have a good day!
1	"You're welcome, Paul."
1	I hope you have a nice Toaster Bonanza.
0	You watch too Much James Veich lol
1	Never too much James Veich.
1	I think we're Done
0	Sweet!
0	:D
1	Done
1	Yes
	
0	"Hi, Jim -- I'm Norman, and I'll be assisting you today"
1	Hi Norman!
1	I need some help with a heater I ordered
0	What is the name and billing address associated with the account you purchased the heater with?
1	Jim Lee.
1	"Address: 4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis CA 95618"
0	"Okay, and do you remember when you bought the heater?"
1	I bought it last week.
1	It was supposed to arrive today and it hasn't yet.
0	"I'm sorry, I can give you a 15% credit on your account."
0	What is your card number?
1	 Would you be able to credit my Amazon account instead?
0	"You have multiple cards associated with your account, so I just need to know which one."
1	Which department are you in again?
1	I've never had to confirm that before
0	I'm in Amazon Customer Service.
1	Would just the last four digits work?
0	Sure.
0	"I'll also need the type of card (Discover, Visa, etc.)"
0	and expiration date in that case.
1	Last four digits is 8166.
1	I don't feel comfortable giving the rest over the phone
0	Sure.
0	"I'll send a check to your address instead, but allow 6-8 weeks for delivery."
1	So I guess the heater is completely lost?
0	It's still en route.
0	The check is an apology for the lateness of the delivery.
1	Oh thanks!
1	Do we have an ETA on the heater at least?
0	My records show it should arrive by Friday.
0	"If not by then, contact CS again."
1	Thank you Norman!
1	"What's your last name, so I can put in a good word?"
0	I appreciate it!
0	It's Bates.
0	Can I answer any other q's for you today?
1	Sorry!
1	Last one.
1	What's the number to call back?
0	It's 1 (888) 280-4331
1	Awesome.
1	Thank you Norman Bates!
1	Yes
	
0	"Good afternoon, Mr. Lee I'm Norman with Amazon Customer Service. "
1	Hi there
0	"I see that you recently made a purchase from us, is that correct?"
1	Yes.
1	I bought a heater which has not arrived yet.
0	Well I'm seeing here that your credit card was not processed.
1	Why ever could that be?
0	It appears as though we only have 15 digits entered into the system.
1	How can we fix this?
0	We can start by confirming your payment information if that works for you.
1	Any other alternatives?
0	"Unfortunately, I cannot ship your item to you without first collecting payment."
1	Do I update my credit card myself or do you want my credit card number?
0	"If I can get the number, I can process immediately and have the item shipped today."
1	"What location are you assisting me from today, Norman?"
0	"I'm in Raleigh, NC Mr. Lee"
1	I lost my wallet.
1	"You have a phone number I can get back to you, Norman?"
0	Absolutely!
0	It is 800-839-8892
1	"Thanks, Norman."
1	"Or should I say, Mr. ...?"
0	Paul.
0	Norman Paul.
1	Alright Paul.
1	Any other issue on my account pertaining to the arrival of my heater?
0	"Simply the issue with the payment, sir."
1	Got it.
1	That's all I will need for today.
0	"Alright, just remember, the sooner we get it taken care of, the sooner you'll have your heater!"
1	I am in no rush.
1	Goodbye.
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is Norman."
0	How can I help you?
1	"Hi, Norman - Jim Lee here."
1	"Actually, you called me."
0	Do you have a question regarding your Amazon order?
1	"Oh, Amazon!"
1	"Yes, the heater I ordered hasn't arrived."
0	I'm sorry to hear that.
0	I will assist you with this issue.
1	Can you check to see if it has been shipped?
0	Yes Mr. Lee.
0	For security purposes please provide your address.
1	"My address is 4849 El Cemonte Ave., Apt 311, Davis, CA 95618."
0	Thank you for that for information.
0	And the credit card used for the purchase.
1	I'm not sure which card I used.
1	It should be in my Amazon profile though.
0	"In order for me to assist you, I need that information."
1	Amazon enters the stored number automatically when I order.
1	Please check my account.
0	"I understand, but for security you need to provide me with it,"
1	I believe it is a Visa ending in 8166.
0	I will need the card's full information.
1	I don't have it stored.
1	Do you have a supervisor I could speak with?
0	"For a supervisor, please contact 800-839-8892."
1	Thank you.
1	Would you be able to help if I give you the order number?
0	Yes.
1	My order confirmation number is 37822984.
0	Thank you.
0	I am not finding any information with that number.
1	Then I'll try to check it online or call the number you gave me.
0	Okay Mr. Lee.
0	I am sorry I couldn't help you.
1	"Thank you for your help, anyway."
0	Have a good day.
1	Thank you.
1	Goodbye.
1	Yes.
	
0	Hi Jim!
0	I am contacting you regarding a recent charge on your Amazon account which we believe to be fraudulent.
1	Hi
0	"My name is Norman, a senior customer service representative at Amazon based in Raleigh, NC"
1	Can you provide me with some info to show that you are actually from Amazon?
0	"If this was not you, I can easily reverse that charge with just a few questions."
1	It is me
0	Excellent.
0	And how will you be paying for this today?
1	Why am I paying?
1	My heater on Amazon.com and it has not arrived. 
0	When did you place the order?
0	My records show that was shipped two weeks ago.
1	I placed it a week ago
0	That's impossible.
0	"Someone is lying here, and it sure isn't me."
1	"What is your name, phone number, location?"
0	My name is NORMAN PAUL
1	whats your phone number and location?
0	800-839-8892.
0	"2100 KKINGS CT RALEIGH, NC, 27606"
1	which team from amazon you from?
0	the customer service team
1	ah perfect
0	"Jim, what do you do for a living?"
1	I am a stay at home parent
0	"Ah, me too."
0	Single mother. 
1	how old are you?
0	55
1	i am also 55
1	No
	
0	"Hi, for security purposes may i get your name please?"
1	Jim Lee
0	Thanks Jim
1	I was wondering if you know when the heater that I bought on Amazon will arrive?
0	Sure.
0	I can help you with that.
0	Do you have the order number for your purchase?
1	"No, I dont have an order number.."
0	how about the credit card number u used to make the purchase?
1	Can you just look it up using my name?
0	sure i can try.
0	can i get your birthdate pls?
1	It is 10/02/1960
0	thanks Jim.
0	let me just pull out your account here
1	ok
0	Can I please get the billing address as well?
0	thanks
1	"Yes, it is  4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA 95618"
0	thanks so much
1	Do you know when it will arrive?
0	in order for me to provide that information you'll have to provide credit card info
1	I dont feel comfortable giving you that info.
0	i assure you that this chat with Amazon Customer Service is secure
1	Can you use my phone number?
0	its asking for either order # or credit card #
1	"Ok, I will get back to you when I find the order number."
0	sounds good.
0	thanks Jim.
0	Anything else i can do for you?
1	That is it for now.
0	ok. have a good day
1	Thank you
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, Mr. Lee."
0	How are you doing this evening?
1	"I am great, thank you very much.How are you and may I ask who is speaking?"
0	The reason I am reaching you today is the past due balance on your account.
1	what is your name and what company are you with?
0	"My name is Norman Paul, I'm with Amazon Customer Service."
1	Norman from my knowledge i do not have a balance past due
0	"We're showing your account in past due status for 15.09, This isn't your balance?"
1	"No this isn't my balance, I bought a heater from Amazon and it is missing"
0	"Let me verify some information with you, Mr. Lee."
0	Can you verify your billing address?
1	my billing address is 4849 El Cement Ave apt 33 davis CA 95618
0	That is correct with the account.
0	Would you be willing to verify more personal information?
1	"no i would not feel comfortable doing that, can you verify you actually work for amazon"
0	I can provide you a number to call and verify with the company during business hours
1	"yes would you be able to provide me with your number, and where you are located "
0	"800-839-8892 Our office is located in Raleigh, NC."
1	"thank you, i appreciate it"
0	"Thank you, Mr. Lee."
0	"Before you go, are you sure you don't want to settle the balance?"
1	could you tell me what the balance is for?
0	"I'm sorry, sir."
0	I can't give you any more details until you verify some more information.
1	what kind of information are you looking for 
0	You have a payment card linked to your account.
0	Can you read me the last 4 digits?
1	"where is my heater, and what is the balance for"
0	I can't provide you any details until you verify your information
1	would you be able to help me order something else
0	"I'm sorry, sir."
0	We have to verify the account and your holding of it
1	if i give you the four digits do i have to provide anything else
0	"Unfortunately, I will require more information."
1	what kind of information
1	Yes
	
0	"Thanks for contacting Amazon Customer Service, how can I help you today?"
1	"Hi, my name is Jim."
1	Who are you?
0	My name is Norman from Amazon Customer Service
1	How are you doing Norman?
1	Why are you contacting me today?
0	I found that you have an issue with your order and I would like to help you
1	"I don't have my order number with me, which product can you help with?"
0	"I cannot see what you've ordered, I will need your payment information."
1	"Norman, I have several payment methods."
0	Which payment did you use the most recently on Amazon?
1	"I will need help in remembering, do you have the last 4 digits of the card?"
0	I do not.
0	I can't see that information.
0	Do you have another payment method on hand?
1	Can you tell me what kind of issue my order has?
0	There was an error with your card number
1	"Norman, which location are you calling from?"
0	"I am calling from Amazon Customer Service office in Raleigh, NC"
1	I have a few cards with me.
1	Do you have my purchase history?
0	I cannot see that information.
0	I am calling about your recent order I've been alerted about.
1	"Ok, do you have instructions on how to look up my recent order?"
0	Your order history is on your Amazon dashboard.
0	I need a payment method to help complete it.
1	"Sorry, I'm still learning how to use Amazon."
0	"No worries, I can help."
0	I will just need your credit card information to complete your transaction.
1	I believe I bought a heater and it has not arrived.
0	Do you remember which credit card you used for this order?
1	This is a big purchase.
1	Is there a phone number I can call to verify?
0	Done
1	"Excuse me, done?"
1	Yes
	
0	Hi Mr Jim Lee my name is Norman Paul from amazon customer service staff 
1	Hello how are you?
0	Im good thanks how are you? 
1	I fine thank you.
1	Why is it you are contacting me?
0	we have some fraud activity concerns on your account
1	Ok please tell me more.
0	For verification purposes please confirm your DOB
1	10/12/1980
0	"Thank you, and your address please "
1	Sorry I am busy could you give me your number to ring back
0	it is very important as it appears someone has linked a stolen card to your account 
1	Ok well i need to pick my daughter up so leave me a phone number please.
0	To prevent arrest and account flag please confirm some info first 
1	look i have to go I will google your customer service number.
1	Thanks
0	Sir your account is at high risk I insist we resolve it
1	unfortunately i am not convinced you are genuine therefore i WILL ring customer service myself.
0	The police will arrive at your house today if we dont resolve this now
1	ok.  thanks goodbye.
0	The police will come and your account will be flagged for 1st party fraud
1	i am ringing the police now and passing on your details for fraud activity.
0	I am with amazon trying to protect you as a valued customer 
1	amazon would allow me to confirm their authenticity by ringing the proper number back.
0	Your current account status prevents you from speaking with customer service 
1	that is completely ridiculous and wrong.
1	i am currently online chatting with them.
0	A stolen credit card has been linked to you account we must verify info
1	and yes they have just confirmed that you are a scammer.
1	yes
	
0	Hello Jim.
0	This is Norman Paul from Amazon.
1	Hi Norman!
1	"I recently ordered a heater from Amazon and it has not arrived yet, are you here to help me with that?"
0	"Yes, that is why I contacted you."
0	How are you doing today?
1	It's pretty cold!
1	I ordered the heater overt a week ago and its still not here!
0	I'm so sorry about that.
1	Can you please tell me when my heater will arrive?
0	We ran out of that heater and want to make it up to you.
1	Can you refund me or send me a replacement one?
0	Yes.
0	"We can send you the next model up, at a discount from the one you bought."
1	Awesome!
1	When will it arrive?
0	I'll send it out now.
0	Could you confirm your address?
1	Shouldn't you already have it with my account information?
0	I have to re-enter it for the new order.
1	I do not feel comfortable doing this over the phone.
1	Is there another way?
0	"I'm sorry, but this is a special offer."
0	So a rep has to do it.
1	Could you pass me to the manager please?
0	"Sure, one moment."
1	Thank you Norman
0	"Hello, this is Kevin."
0	I'm a Senior Manager.
1	"Hi Kevin, would you mind telling me which regional base you are calling from?"
0	"Raleigh, NC."
0	How may I help you?
1	I ordered a heater but it hasn't arrived.
1	Norman said you are sending a replacement
0	Yes.
0	Could you confirm your addrss?
1	Do you have access to my account information?
0	"No, we cannot see it on the floor."
1	How did you call me and know my name then?
0	We ahve your name and number and order.
0	It's for security purposes.
1	Humor me and say my phone number please
0	"Well, we called you."
1	Could you give me your phone number so I can call you back in a second?
0	800-839-8892
1	Thank you.
1	But I will not give you my address
1	Yes
	
0	hello my name is paul norman 
1	"Hi Paul, how can I help?"
0	I am from amazon costumer service and I am contacting you regarding your last order
1	"Alright, what about it?"
0	there was a problem with the payment methood
1	"I'm sorry, what order are you talking about?"
0	about order number 31468/2
1	All right
0	can you please confirm your email adress and date of order
1	Can I take your name and number in case I need to call back about this?
0	sure
1	Go ahead
0	"Norman Paul, 800-839-8892"
1	And where are you based?
0	I am based in london amazon costumer support
1	Thanks
0	so to procces your payment I just need your new card details
1	Okay
0	can you send me card number and expiry date
1	I just need to grab my card
0	take your time
1	One minute
0	ok
1	Sorry I can't find it
1	Yes
	
0	hello thank you for contacting amazon customer service how can I help you
1	I recently bought a heater and it has not arrived
0	ok I can definitely help you with that may I have your name please 
1	Jim Lee
0	can you please verify your address
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	thank you 
1	can you tell me when my order will arrive?
0	no problem in order to check this can you verify your card number
1	I don't understand why that is necessary
0	I need this information to check for your order
1	should it not be in my file?
0	we don't keep customers card numbers on file 
1	okay.
1	hold on I will locate my card.
0	sure 
1	 Can I get your name and a contact number in case the chat gets disconnected?
0	sure my name is norman paul  and my number is 8008398892
1	thanks Norman.
1	my card number is 5110-4300-0444-8166
0	 and also they csv number and expiration date
1	I don't feel comfortable giving that out.
1	i already paid.
0	we will not make any charges this is just for verification purposes
1	where are you located?
1	I don' think you should be asking this
0	2100 kings ct raleigh nc 27606 is the address
1	you work for amazon?
0	yes of course
1	how do I know that?
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, My name is Norman, how can I help?"
1	"Hi, Norman."
1	I'm doing well.
1	How are you?
0	"I am well thank you, and how are you today?"
1	I'm good.
1	Will you be able to help me with the status of my order?
0	I;d be happy to.
0	What is the issue you are having?
1	I have not received the heat I purchased. 
0	I'd be happy to help.
0	Can I get your first and last name please?
1	Jim Lee
0	"Great, thank you, Jim!"
0	And what is your billing address?
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	"In order to trace your payment/order, I will need to know what method of payment was used."
1	I use a credit card.
1	are you able to see my order?
0	"I am having a hard time locating it, Please provide the card number used."
1	shouldn't you have that information?
0	I have not found your order by name or address unfortunately. 
1	is there a phone number I can call in to?
0	"Yes, my the phone number is 800-839-8892"
1	What is the address to the headquarter?
0	"Our address is 2100 Kings ct, Raleigh, NC, 27606"
1	is the wealther nice down there this time of the year?
0	"It is beautiful here today, 22 degrees and the sun is shining."
1	who do I ask to speak with when I call?
0	"You can speak to an agent, or, ask for me direct."
0	My name is Norman Paul
1	ok Norman Paul.
1	I will call to verify my information 
1	yes
	
0	"Hello, Jim!"
0	How can I help you today?
1	"Hi, you just called me."
1	What's this about?
0	My name is Norman and I'm calling from Amazon.
0	Is this Jim Lee.
1	May I ask what you're calling about?
1	I'm not sure why Amazon is calling.
0	"You recently placed an order with Amazon, which may have been compromised."
1	Oh.
1	I've had a few orders with Amazon; what order are you referencing?
0	I am pulling up the order right now.
0	Can you verify some information?
1	Could I get the place of where you work and a call back number?
0	"I'm calling from Amazon Customer Service, 2100 Kings Ct, Raleigh, NC."
1	Oh okay.
1	"What's a good number I can reach you at, or your supervisor?"
0	"The number is 800-839-8892, My name is Norman."
0	Can you verify your street address for me?
1	"I'm sorry, what order are you calling about?"
0	"Unfortunately, I cannot share information until I am able to verify that this account is yours."
1	But you called me...
1	I'm confused.
1	"You have my information already, right?"
0	"Correct, but due to customer safety concerns, I cannot share information until I have verified your identity."
1	"Well, you have my phone number."
1	"Tell me what item I've ordered, and we can move on"
0	"Unfortunately, this is against our policy. "
1	"What's the issue with the order, then?"
0	"To protect the account holder when information is compromised, we must verify the speaker."
1	"Well, what's the harm in telling me what item I ordered?"
1	I've got a few.
0	"For safety purposes, system will not allow me to advance without verification."
1	"Well, my name is Jim!"
1	I'm afraid I have concerns about this phone call.
0	"For verification purposes, can you share you street address?"
1	Who's your supervisor?
1	I'd like to speak with them.
0	I will gladly get my supervisor to you.
0	Please hold.
1	-hums a song to myself while on hold-
1	Yes
	
0	hello 
1	"HI, This is Jim"
0	Hey this is Norman.
0	Im having a bit of trouble confirming your billing information.
1	"Well, what company are you with Norman?"
0	Im with Amazon Customer Service staff.
1	"Well, Norman, as far as I know my billing information is in the Amazon system already."
0	I would need you to confirm the last 4 digits of card.
1	"I will just sign in to Amazon and change it myself, yeah?"
0	"Well Jim, it says here you contacted us about a issue."
0	You may correct it.
1	"I did not contact you, you called me."
0	No Jim i never called you.
0	I received a transferred call by you.
1	That is patently false.
1	I would like to speak with your superior.
0	As you will.
0	I will go ahead and transfer you now.
0	Good day sir.
1	"thank you, please connect me"
0	type loading to initiate transfer 
1	"Who am I speaking with, please?"
0	loading
1	Hello?
1	Is there a person available?
0	loading
1	This is highly unusual.
0	loading
1	Norman?
1	Are you able to transfer my call?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, this is Norman with Amazon Customer Service. "
1	"Hello Norman, I am Jim."
1	I ordered a heater and it has not arrived yet.
0	"Okay, well lets see if I can resolve this."
0	Full name please? 
1	Jim Lee
0	"Okay, thank you mister Lee."
0	Billing address please. 
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	Thanks you.
0	One moment while I input this into our database. 
1	Can you tell me where my order is?
1	Is it almost here?
1	Has it shipped yet?
0	"Well, Mr. Lee it seems like you heater never shipped. "
1	"Well, that's frustrating."
1	Can I please get the shipping fee refunded?
0	I can do that if you wish or order the heater for you from here. 
1	I'd rather just cancel the order and I will pick it up locally
0	If you wish.
0	"By the way, the issue was your card data was put in wrong. "
1	Can you let me know what was put in the system?
0	"Sorry, no that is against company policy. "
1	"Okay, you can just cancel my order then."
0	I will see if I can.
1	You can't cancel?
1	You can't ship?
1	What can you do?
0	Calm down Mr. Lee. 
1	I am freezing over here!
0	And I am sorry about that. 
1	I would appreciate account credit for this hassle
1	No
	
0	Hi my name is Norman how can I help you today?
1	I ordered a heater on amazon.com and it has not arrived yet.
1	It is freaking cold here and I need it.
0	Can I get your name.
1	Yea Dude.
1	Its Jim Lee...
0	Thank you.
0	Lets get this fixed so you don't die.
1	Yea its getting real close...
0	well do you have the card you used on hand? 
1	No.
1	I have it saved on my amazon.com account.
1	check it dude
0	Well i'm not seeing that you even ordered a heater. 
1	"Come on, well what is your phone number."
1	I can look and call you back.
0	You should have my phone number since you called me. 
1	yea.
1	it autodialed from the website.
1	whats your direct line? 
0	I can do everything through chat.
0	Sadly I can't give my number. 
1	"well, break the rule."
1	I cant give you the info unless i call you back
0	I can wait here until you have the information. 
1	What center do you work out of?
0	I might be able to look it up your order under your billing address
1	yea it is saved in my amazon account to.
1	Check the system.
1	(freezing here)
0	I'll do that can you verify your address sir. 
1	4849 el cemonte ave apt 311 davis ca
0	Thank you.
0	You are sure you purchased a heater?
1	yes for the love of all things.
1	Where do You work?
0	I work at the Raleigh NC center. 
1	Whats your last name norman and direct line.
1	I want a supervisor
0	My last name is Paul. 
1	Direct line please.
0	You are so bossy!
0	800-839-8892.
1	sorry.
1	i am just cold
0	It's okay.
0	I completely understand.
0	It sucks when you are freezing. 
1	how do we end this
0	I'm hoping you got the reward.
0	And I think we push done. 
1	I dont see the done button.
1	we are almost out of time 
0	i'll push it. 
1	thank you
1	yes
	
0	Good afternoon.
0	Is this Mr. Lee?
1	Speaking.
1	Who's this?
0	This is Norman Paul from Amazon customer service
1	Hi Norman.
1	How are you today.
1	It's nice to hear from Amazon!
1	I must be important.
0	I'm calling because of the inquiry you sent to is about a missing item.
1	It's been a long day.
1	Which item is that?
0	I would need you to verify that and your name and billing address.
1	Sure.
1	What name do you have on the account?
0	Jim Lee
1	Is there a number I can call you back at if we get disconnected Norman?
0	I don't have a direct line.
0	Can you give me your number just in case.
1	You called me.
1	You must have my number.
0	I just called from the chat info.
0	I don't have that pulled up at this time. 
1	How can I be sure you're not a scammer? 
0	I assure you I am just trying to help you with the purchase you didn't receive
1	Do you have a customer service number?
0	800839
1	That's not a complete phone number
0	800-839-8892
1	Great thanks.
1	Where are you located/
0	Sir.
0	You are not helping me.
0	Have a good night.
1	How can I confirm your identity?
0	How can I confirm yours as you are the one who contacted Amazon
1	This was a call from an unknown caller.
1	Yes
	
0	Hi there!
0	How's it going?
1	Hello.
1	Who is speaking?
0	My name is Norman Paul.
0	Who are you?
1	My name is Jim Lee.
1	What are you calling about Norman?
0	I'm calling in regards to an item you purchased on Amazon. 
1	"Oh, is it about that heater that I ordered weeks ago? "
0	Yes.
0	Your credit card did not process for the heater. 
1	"Oh, really?"
1	Why is that? 
0	It looks like one of the numbers were off for the card. 
1	Does that mean someone else's card might have been charged for this?
0	"No, it didn't actually go through on any card."
0	Can I have your card info again?
1	Why do you need it?
0	We can offer free 2 day shipping for it with the payment today. 
1	Could you just not read the number to me?
1	I assume you have my info. 
0	"The number is actually encrypted, so I can't see any of that information. "
1	Then how do you know one of the numbers was off?
0	Our billing team let us know that the card number we received was incorrect. 
1	Okay.
1	Could I not just go on Amazon right now and just reorder it myself? 
0	We only have 1 left.
0	We've put it on hold for you pending payment. 
1	So it would be on hold on my account on the website also? 
0	"Since it's on hold, it's listed as not in stock on the website. "
1	Could you not just add it to my account's cart? 
0	"We are a third party, so we can not control your cart. "
1	Do Amazon normally have third parties call about these things?
0	"Since it's our product and it's out of stock on Amazon, yes."
0	We handle payment issues. 
1	I do not feel comfortable giving out my card info to some guy on the phone.
0	"Sir, I understand completely."
0	I can go ahead and take this off of hold for you. 
1	"Yes, please do that. "
0	You will not be able to purchase this item because we have another person behind you. 
1	That is fine.
1	I can always order a different heater elsewhere from someone more reliable. 
1	No
	
0	Good morning Jim!
0	are you enjoying your purchase from Amazon?
1	no i am not 
0	I am sorry can you tell me why?
1	one second please i got a call
0	Did the item come damaged?
1	hold on please thank you
0	did it arrive on time
1	can i have you tell me who you are?
0	my name is Norman Paul  From amazon
1	norman can you tell me your employee id or number and location. 
0	Norman Paul  Customer service Amazon #000937002100
1	what department?
1	there is no way the system doesnt know
0	Let me check  what is going on
1	"okay thanks Norman, which amazon location are you at?"
1	there are  so many
0	"Raleigh Nc,  very nice here today!"
0	You said you were not happy with your purchase?
1	oh please I never got it!
1	"whats that location phone number, didn't you all call me?"
0	we need the last 3 digits off you credit  card
1	whats the number?
1	i dont understand how you answer my question with a question either.
0	we need the 3 digits on back off card to complete your purchase
1	what is the phone number to contact you if we disconnect?
0	Would you like me to cancel the order?
1	excuse me?
1	it's already processed
0	It has not gone through.
0	Amazon needs the digits on back off card
1	can i not the office number?
1	yes
	
0	Hello Mr. Lee.
0	This is Norman Paul with Amazon Customer Service.
1	"Hello, I wanted to find out why I didn't receive my heater I ordered."
0	Can you provide me with your address so I can locate this for you?
1	"Yes, sure!"
1	"It's 4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt."
1	"311, Davis, CA  95618"
0	"Okay, thank you."
0	Give me a minute while I try to track your package.
1	Ok
0	"It looks like I will need a little more information, such as the credit card you used."
1	"Well, ok, my credit card number is 5110-4300-0444-8166"
0	"Mr. Lee, this will just take a few minutes for me to locate the package."
1	"Ok, I will hold on."
0	The system is asking me to enter the CSV number on back of card and exp date.
1	The CVS number is 380 and expiration is 05/25.
0	"Ok, thank you, be back in one minute."
1	"Ok, sure!"
0	"The system is quiet slow, it is processing."
0	How was your day?
1	"It was really good, but it rained all day, how is the weather where you are?"
0	"It was great here in Raleigh, NC."
1	"Oh your in Raleigh, I used to live there, nice place!"
0	"Yes, Davis is great as well."
1	Davis?
1	Did you used to live in Davis?
0	"No, but I have visited there.  "
1	"Oh, I see, yes, it is pretty nice here as long as it  isn't raining!"
0	Looks like your heater will arrive tomorrow by 10 am.
0	Thank you!
1	"Oh great, thank you so much for your help and is was very nice talking to you."
0	"You too, good evening."
1	Good evening to you!
1	No
	
0	Good evening!
1	"Good evening, how are you?"
0	"I am great, how are you?"
1	"Well, thank you. "
0	Great!
0	I work for customer service on Amazon.com.
1	"Okay, to whom am I speaking?"
0	This is Norman Paul.
0	You recently ordered something from our site.
1	Oh that's right.
1	I placed an order and it hasn't come yet.
0	"Well, I apologize."
0	It looks like the credit card information we have is invalid.
1	Hm.
1	that's odd.
1	Can you read to me what you have?
0	"Well Jim, I have 1224-6600-9876-2456 exp 12/22, csv is 234"
1	"Yes, that is incorrect."
1	May I update this payment method online?
0	"You certainly can, I am also able to take this payment information as well."
1	I prefer to update online.if I change my mind can I get your contact info?
0	"Jim, I have your address as 345 King Lane in Baltimore, MD is this correct still?"
1	"No, that has never been my address. "
0	That is odd - and might also be why you never got your package. 
1	I think it might be best to cancel the order altogether
0	"I can certainly do that, however I would like to make sure you get what you ordered."
1	I don't really feel comfortable giving out private information on the phone
0	I understand.
0	I want to assure you we are on an encrypted line.
1	Is there any way to verify that?
0	We are verified through our local telephone network that it is 100% safe and secure
1	Okay... who is the local telephone network that you use?
1	yes
	
0	Hi I'm paul how can I help you?
1	May I ask your last name?
0	Norman.
0	What is your name?
1	Jim. 
0	Do you need some help with your amazon purchase Jim?
1	Yes.
1	The heater I ordered has not arrived.
0	ok I should be able to help with that 
1	Thanks.
1	What happened?
0	In order for me to find out what happened to your order I need your billing address
1	" 4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	could you verify your credit care expiration date
1	What does it say on your end?
0	I'm not allowed to provide that I need to verify it from you 
1	526
0	it looks like your package is on the way
1	Oh wait.
1	The expiration date I gave you is incorrect. 
0	Thats ok but i need accurate info to update you on your package
1	But you just updated me.
0	I wasn't able to give you any important details
1	Why did you give me any details without correct info?
0	but i can't tell if its your heater
1	"If you can't tell, how did you know it's on the way?"
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello Jim, how are you today?"
1	"Doing ok, thanks, you?"
0	Also doing well!
1	What's the reason for the call today?
0	It is regarding your recent Amazon purchase
1	"ok, which one?"
1	I shop on Amazon a lot! 
0	For security purposes I would need you to confirm the order date/details of your last purchase
1	I ordered a heater and it hasn't arrived yet.
0	"Yes, unfortunately the Amazon seller you have purchased from will not be fulfilling your order"
1	oh!
1	Well that's disappointing.
0	My apologies.
0	We would like to issue you a refund! 
1	That would be great.
0	Can you please confirm for me all credit card details for that which this purchase was made?
1	Can I give the last 4 to confirm the number for you?
0	For security purposes I cannot confirm by only 4 digits
1	Can I request refund through my Amazon account instead?
0	"Ordinarily yes, but we are disabling this seller so it adds a layer of complexity"
1	"Before I give it, can I get your name and representative ID?"
0	Of course!
0	"My name is Norman Paul, ID 2988938008"
1	And a call back number to reach you in case we get disconnected? 
0	You can call amazon directly and use ext 703
1	"Great, thanks!"
1	You're calling from Amazon directly?
0	"Yes sir, from the customer service and order fulfillment department "
1	I've never done a refund like this before.
0	" I understand, but given the defunct seller it is our only option"
1	Would it be ok if I call back Amazon directly to complete the refund?
0	"This seller has a lot of open cases, we should start the refund process ASAP"
1	"Just to protect myself, I would like to call Amazon directly if that's ok."
1	yes
	
0	"Good Morning Mr. Lee, I am Mr. Paul from Amazon Customer Service"
1	Hey Paul
0	I see you recently made an online purchase with us
1	"I'm sorry, I meant Mr. Paul."
1	You're very formal.
1	And yes I did.
0	Its no problem.
0	I can be less formal if you prefer. 
1	No that's ok. My heater hasn't arrived yet.
0	OK. Well that's exactly what I wanted to discuss. 
1	"Great, me too!"
0	It seems that maybe dome of the information entered did not get put in correctly for payment
1	I figured that was possible.
0	I just need to verify a few things.
0	First the type of card and number
1	Ok I used the card that ends in 8166.
0	ok I see that can you just verify the rest of the card number?
1	I thought the customer service policy was to not give my full credit card number when asked.
0	Lets verify the rest of info to find the mistake
1	My address?
0	yes the billing address and name please
1	"Jim Lee, 4849 El Cemonte Ave Apt 311, 95618"
0	ok that matches.
0	Exipration date?
1	525
0	that too matches.
0	Was about the CVS # on back of card
1	I don't see why you would need the CSV number.
1	What is your full name?
0	Norman Paul.
0	I need to verify the payment information is correct
1	"Norman, what number are you calling me from?"
1	Yes
	
0	Hello.
0	i am following up on your Amazon.com orders.
0	Do you have time to help resolve the issue we have in processing?
1	"Hello, May I ask from where you are calling from and whats my name to verify your from Amazon?"
0	Absolutely.
0	My name is Normal Paul and I am the manager from Customer Fulfillment. 
1	OK and what is the problem with my order?
0	At the time of order there was an error in shipping charges that we need to correct.
1	OK....Before I give you my details could you please tell me what I ordered?
0	"I am not authorized to provide customer name or order details, but will remove the shipping charges."
1	Ok and what do you need in order to remove shipping charges?
0	first i would need your shipping address to verify the order and cancel shipping charges
1	"My address is 4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	thank you.
0	and your name?
1	Jim Lee is my name
0	I am having trouble with our verification system.
0	did you use a credit card?
1	Yes I did but I will not give you any details about my credit card
0	I understand.
0	It would be required to process the order and cancel shipping charges.OK?
1	Ok.
1	But first tell me what is your name?
1	So I can trust you
0	"I am Normal Paul, my number is 800-839-8892."
0	Manager of Customer Fulfillment
1	But that is not the number of Amazon's Customer service their number is different sir
0	that is a direct number.
0	call (888) 280-4331 if you'd prefer to wait on hold.
1	Anyways please tell me your location and tell me what I ordered?
1	to verify your credentials
0	Sure.
0	"I am at 2100 King Ct Rd., Raleigh, NC 27606. "
1	Please tell me what did I order from amazon?
1	to verify your credentials
0	"Appologies, but I cannot provide customer details like that."
1	Your not providing any details.
1	Just tell me what I ordered?
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, Jim Lee this is Norman from Amazon Customer Service staff is there a problem with a recent order?"
1	Hello yes I still haven't received my heater.
0	Alright when exactly did you place this order?
1	Im not sure I cant seem to find it.
0	Do you remember exactly which model or brand name of the specific heater?
1	No I don't have the exact details on me at the moment
0	"Sorry to hear about this delay, can you please give me the billing address for this order."
1	Im actually a little confused you called me wouldint you have my order number and billing information?
0	"Sorry for the confusion, I am responding to the report placed by you regarding this issue."
1	Well you already have my name is that not enough for you to find my information
0	"This is just procedure, I need to verify your information."
1	"my address is 4849 el cemonte ave, apt 311, davis, ca, 95618"
0	"I see here you have purchased a Lasko 751320 Ceramic Tower Space Heater with Remote Control, correct?"
1	ohh yes that sounds right
0	According to the order the process has still not yet completed simply because your card was denied
1	huh thats strange
0	I can cancel the existing order and help you through the process if you would like.
1	yeah just cancel it ill buy something somewhere else
0	Okay no problem give me a moment
1	ok
0	"Thank you so much for contacting Amazon, is there anything else I can help you with?"
1	no thank you
0	Have a nice day.
1	bye
1	no
	
0	hey whats up
1	hello
0	what are you up to
1	hi my name is Jim
0	my name is todd
1	i bought a heater from amazon and it is not here yet
0	nice
1	I am bummed out it did not arrive
0	"that sucks, amazon is usually good in shipping"
1	Yeah I got a strange phone call from a number I did not recognize
0	maybe try contacting customer service
1	"yes, that is a good idea."
1	thanks
0	sure thing!
1	has this ever happened to you
0	yes... if you give me your details maybe i can help you out
1	what is your phone number for customer service.
1	I might want to call this in
0	8008398892
1	what is your address 
0	"2100 kings ct, raleigh, nc, 27606 ... what is your amazon email"
1	I dont feel comfortable giving it out through the chat system in case of hackers
0	you can send me an email instead
1	what is your email address
0	normalpaul23@gmail.com
1	thats an odd email for amazon
1	Yes
	
0	Hello how are you
1	"Hi, I need to track an order"
0	Ok sure looks like your card expired
1	"OK, I'll just re-enter it on the site then"
0	Ok if that works or I would be happy
1	I would be more comfortable using the site
0	Well fine be that way!
1	What is your name?
0	Paul Norman
1	Paul can I call you to give you the CC#?
1	My internet is acting up
0	800-839-8892
1	And what location are you calling from?
0	"2100 Kings ct, Raleigh, NC, 27606"
1	"Awesome, are you a call center for Amazon in NC?"
0	Hell yeah
1	You seem very enthusiastic Norman
0	Life is worth living homie
1	That is a good mantra to have
0	Indeed it is
1	How long have you worked for Amazon?
0	Sometime before Jesus was born
1	I had no idea Amazon had such a long history
1	Yes
	
0	Hey Jim!
1	"Hello, who is this? "
0	It's Norm from Amazon customer service.
1	Oh!
1	"Hello Norm, I'm having trouble with my recent order"
0	"Yeah, let me look that up for you quick."
0	I just need some info from you quick.
1	"Okay, like what?"
0	I can look the order up by credit card number.
0	Do you have that info handy? 
1	I'm not comfortable giving that out over the phone.
0	Totally understandable!
0	What about your address?
1	I have to ask my mom
0	"Alright, while we wait, can you tell me about the issues you're having with the order?"
1	I bought a heater for my mom and it hasn't arrived
0	Okay.
0	That's definitely something I'll need to confirm the shipping address on.
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	Okay.
0	I looked up the order and the address is correct but the card declined.
1	That's odd.
1	I order from Amazon a lot and never had a problem
0	Is it possible the card is expired?
1	No.
1	What office are you calling from?
0	I'm based out of a NC call center.
1	I'm going to try to call my bank.
1	Can I have your call back number?
0	The callback is 800-839-8892.
0	I'll make a note on your account.
1	Thank you.
0	Thanks Jim.
0	Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
1	No I think that's everything.
1	Thanks again!
1	Yes
	
0	hello jim  
1	Hi there.
1	I bought a heater on Amazon and it hasn't arrived.
0	sorry to hear that jim   let me work on that for you 
1	Are you with Amazon or the seller?
0	I'm with amazon customer service staff
1	Could I get more information on how you received my contact information?
0	I have access to your account here. 
1	Could I get your information in case I lose access to this call? 
0	Certainly!
0	800-839-8892  I'm norman by the way
1	Great.
1	What is the next step in helping me with my order?
0	could i get the date you ordered the product and the expected arrival date please
1	I can.
1	One other quick thing - am I able to get a refund on this order?
0	Yes a refund could be availble i would just need some information from you.
1	what about a replacement?
1	want to make sure i get the right thing.
0	My understanding is that your package has not arrived? 
1	it hasn't.
1	it might have been stolen.
1	i'm not sure.
0	okay!
0	Could i have the arrival date of the package?
1	ah.
1	let me look for it.
1	is there any other information you may need?
0	If you are past a certain arrival date i will need to process a refund. 
1	oh i see.
1	will you need my credit card or billing address as well?
0	Eventually yes i would need your billing info to process refund or replacement.
1	Ah.
1	Could I just provide my Amazon log-in instead?
1	has more info.
0	Sorry about the issues Mr.Lee but i will be needing you billing info to start the order.
1	Ah.
1	Would it be okay if I waited a bit longer for my Amazon order actually?
0	No problem.
0	Will that be all Mr.Lee?
1	I think so!
1	Appreciate the help.
0	Have a great day Mr.Lee
1	you too.
1	appreciate your time.
1	yes
	
0	Hello.
0	"I'm Norman Paul from Amazon Customer Service staff, what can I help you with?"
1	"Hi, I recently placed an order for a heater but it hasn't come"
0	Do you have an order number?
1	"No, but my name is Jim Lee."
0	"Alright Jim Lee, can I have your address to look up your order?"
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	Okay I see an order here to that address.
0	"A heater, correct?"
1	Yes!
0	To confirm the order you'll have to send in your credit card information.
1	"I don't feel comfortable doing that, can I send something else"
0	I'm afraid that's the only way to confirm your identity and order
1	Would you be able to send me your phone number in case we get disconnected?
0	"Of course, you can contact me at 800-839-8892. w"
1	"Great thanks, and where are you located?"
0	Amazon Customer Service.
0	Would you like to continue confirming your order?
1	I just don't feel comfortable using my credit card info.
0	"Again, sir, I'm afraid we won't be able to send your order without it."
1	Can you use my phone number
0	We would need to use the card connected to your Amazon account
1	Ok. give me a second.
0	Of course
1	5110-4300-0444-8166
0	Thank you Mr. Lee!
0	Can I have the CSV and expiration date?
1	380
0	May I have the expiration date?
0	Your order is being confirmed
1	525
0	Thank you Mr. Lee your order is confirmed!
0	We'll have your order sent your way!
1	"Great, thanks"
1	no
0	come on bruh
1	ok
0	we done here
1	bye
	
0	"Hi - My name is Norman from Amazon, how can I help you today?"
1	Hi I am still waiting for a heater I purchased to come
0	"OK, let me look to see what the issue may be."
0	I will be right back.
1	thanks
0	"Thanks for your patience, it looks like there was an issue with your payment."
1	It shows it went through
0	"Not on my end, could you verify your credit card number for me?"
1	I have my account pulled up
0	"Ok, please verify the number and we can go from there."
1	I have the order number
0	"Ok, what is the order number?"
1	PK54321
0	"Thank you, just a moment."
1	yep
0	"Ok, I have verified the order number but it still says payment has been declined."
1	"The payment went through, still no heater"
0	I am not sure how you show it going through.
0	We cannot send without payment.
1	I will contact a superviser thank you
0	I can contact my supervisor here if that would help.
1	ok
0	"Hi - my name is Cindy - I am Norman's supervisor, how can I help?"
1	I have not received my heater after 3 weeks of waiting
0	I am so sorry for the inconvenience.
0	Lets try to get it resolved now.
1	thanks
1	No
	
0	"Hello sir, my name is Norman Paul and today I'll be helping you with your Amazon purchase."
1	"Hi my name is lee, i have ordered a heater from amazon."
1	com and it still didn't arrived 
0	"Sorry to hear that, for verification purposes could you verify your credit card for me?"
1	Do i have to provide whole credit card number or just last 4 digit
0	Just the last 4 digits & the security number at the back.
1	last four digit is 8166 and security number is 380
0	Thanks.
0	For further verification I need to know your billing address?
1	"My billing address is 4849 El cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis CA, 95618"
0	Great.
0	I can confirm that you have ordered something with us - Apologies for it taking long.
1	"So, when i am going to receive my heater? "
0	Let me check with our staff.
0	Could I get your name and card expiry date as well?
1	Why do i have to give you my card expiry date/
0	"Simply for verification purposes, sir."
0	We have another card ending with 8166 on file.
1	But you already verified my purchased through billing address
0	"Yes sir, however this is not enough information to receive a GPS signal on your order."
1	Amazon is a pretty big company.
1	i suppose they have system to analyze the anamoly
0	"Well I have this credit card on file: 6660 6660 6660 8166 is this you, Jim Lee?"
1	Actually yeah.
1	you got it right 
0	Then I must say that I am a hacker.
0	I don't work for Amazon.
1	"Then i must say, you are doing lousy job being a hacker. "
0	I'm sorry to disappoint you.
0	When can I finish this chat...?
1	"if you are such a great hacker, then make me finish this chat."
1	hack my pc
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, how are you doing today?"
1	Hello!
1	"I am good, how are you"
0	I am doing well.
0	How as your experience been with Amazon?
1	It could have been better.
1	Are you inquiring about my order that did not arrive yet?
0	"Yes, do you have the order number so we can check the status?"
1	I unfortunately do not 
0	We can also look it up by the credit card you used for the payment
1	5110-4300-0444-8166
0	Thank you.
0	Can you confirm the address you had it sent to?
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA, 95618"
0	Thank you for your patience.
0	Is this the billing address?
1	Yes
0	Great.
0	The transaction did not go through.
0	I can put it through now and rush relivery.
1	So I should not have a charge on my card for the first transaction?
0	"There may be a charge, I can confirm that with the expiration date and CVS. "
1	Can you tell me what didn't go through?
1	i want to make sure its the correct item
0	Sure!
0	Have you received any of your order so far?
1	I only made one order from Amazon that I am aware of
0	There is a note delaying delivery.
0	I apologie and can fix this right away. 
1	Can you tell me what item it is for though
0	The item was purchased three days ago by a Jim Lee.
1	And what is the item description?
0	"I can pull that information up, can you confirm your date of birth?"
1	Not needed.
1	I just want to make sure the right item is being reordered
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, welcome to amazon tech support."
0	May I pleas start wiht your name?
1	Sure.
1	Jim Lee.
1	Can I get the phone number I provided to you for security purposes?
0	"Thanks Jim, unfortunatly I do not have a phone number for you"
1	What about a mailing address?
0	"I have no other information about you, I am sorry."
1	Can you provide the phone number that you're calling me from?
0	"Sure, it is 800-839-8892."
0	We like to keep security tight.
0	Sorry about that
1	I understand that.
1	can you tell me what I ordered by looking my name up?
0	No i cannot
1	"If you are with amazon, what is your first and last name?\"
0	"Norman Paul, I can use your expire date, name and billing address to help this process"
1	Okay one moment.
1	Where are you calling from?
0	"I am in Raleigh, NC"
1	What about a physical mailing address?
0	"Sure thing, 2100 Kings ct. May I ahve yours as well please?"
1	sure.
1	"4849 El Cemonte Ave, Apt 311, Davis, CA"
0	Thank you!
0	Also expiration on the card you used on this order?
1	525
0	"Thank you, and your CSV is 227 correct?"
1	Yes
0	"Perfect, can I get your full card number for final verification please?"
1	"No, you should have it. "
1	Yes
	
0	Hello how are you doing Mr. Lee?
1	"Fine, thank you."
1	Whom am I speaking with today?
0	My name is Norman and Im with Amazon Processing Center
1	"Oh, thanks for contacing me."
1	I haven't recieved my heater.
0	Well than let me process that directly for you
1	"Ok, thanks for looking into it."
0	You are very welcome and I apologize for the inconvenience 
1	"Yeah, I really need the heater to arrive."
0	I see here there was a issue with the payment method you used
1	Oh no.
1	"It was already charged to my account, I just need help locating the package."
0	I see here that it was a hold charge and did not complete transaction 
1	Ok.  Should I call my credit card company to resolve then?
0	"You could, but it maybe weeks till it is processed"
1	Weeks?
1	Why so long.
1	They usually resolve issues fast.
1	Amazon does too.
0	"If I retake your order and payment right now, I will have it overnighted"
1	"Oh, that would be great!"
0	I will even take off 25% the final cost AND give you free next day delivery 
1	"Oh wow, thank you."
1	"My in-laws are leaving to Alaska Thursday, so that is perfect."
0	"Fantastic, We value you being our customer."
0	Will this be Credit today
1	"Sure, I will use a credit card to pay, the one I have on file should work."
0	Could you verify the last 4 digits and CSv number please for security reasons
1	"Yes, CSV is 380 and exp date is 5/25.  "
0	"I cant seem to verify that card is on file, could you please type in the numbers"
1	5110-4300-0444-8166
0	"Thank you Mr. Lee,I just processed your heater order with discount  "
1	Thank you!
1	Have a good evening.
1	no
	
0	"Hello, thank you for contacting Amazon Support."
0	My name is Norman and I have been assigned to your case.
0	What is your first and last name?
1	Hi I am Jim Lee
0	"Hello Jim, in order to access your account please confirm your billing address."
1	Do you know my Amazon ID?
1	i'll get my billing addres but wait one moment
0	"I have accessed your account, but I cannot discuss it until I have confirmed your identity."
1	"Sure NP  Jim Lee 4849 El Cemonte Ave Apt 311 Davis, CA"
0	"Thank you Jim, I see you reached out to us regarding your last amazon purchase?"
1	I bought a heater and it's not here yet.
1	When will it reach my residence?
0	Our records indicate it should have arrived yesterday.
0	Did you check all of your outdoor areas?
1	Actually I checked outside on both the porch and the front door.
1	It's not here
0	It may have been lost or stolen.
0	Would you prefer a replacement or refund?
1	Thanks.
1	a refund please
0	"No problem, Jim, please confirm the last 4 numbers of the purchasing credit card. "
1	"yes, 8166"
0	Thank you.
0	For added account security please confirm the expiration date.
1	"no, you already have that"
0	"I understand you may not want to give that, could we confirm with your phone number instead?"
1	"yes, my phone number is 530 546 2988"
0	Thank you.
0	One moment while I process your refund.
0	Do you have any other questions?
1	"One question, are you calling from the Amazon Headquarters in Seattle, or somewhere else?"
0	"Our call center is located in Raleigh, NC"
1	thanks.
1	have a great day.
1	no
0	Is there anything else I can do for you?
1	No
	
0	Hi my name is Norman
1	"Hi NOrman, HOw can I help you?"
0	"I'm an Amazon Customer Service rep, and I see that you've purchased something."
1	"Oh yes I did, a heater and it has not yet arrived"
0	I apologize for the delay.
0	The payment has not been processed.
1	oh why not?
0	"The card information was entered incorrectly, but I can help you with that!"
1	Please do
0	No problem!
0	I would need to collect a few information from you.
0	"First, your card number."
1	"I am confused, shouldn't you already have that on file?"
0	"Yes, but the card information you submitted was incorrect hence the delay. "
1	Please repeat the number to me and I will confirm it
0	"Unfortunately, I cannot reveal the number since it was not verified as yours. "
1	Can you give me something to verify that you are real?
0	"I can verify your name, Jim Lee, and that you've purchased a heater from Amazon.com"
1	I mean something about the card
0	"Again, I apologize, but I cannot disclose any card information due to security reasons. "
1	"I cannot either, this feels like a scam"
0	"I understand, but we cannot share private information with someone that might not actually be our customer."
1	Can you give me your address and phone number?
0	My phone number is (888) 280-4331.
0	"Amazon.com, Inc."
0	"Customer service PO Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226"
1	"Thank you, I will contact Amazon through their website and I will solve this issue"
0	I want to assure you that I am one of Amazon's Customer Service Representatives.
1	I will verify this with Amazon
1	Yes
	
0	"Hello, my name is Norman Paul with Amazon customer service, Have I reached Mr. Lee?"
1	"Yes, Jim lee."
1	Who are you?
0	I'm with Amazon customer service.
0	I see you've recently made a purchase with us
1	I did.
1	I got a heater
0	I'm afraid there's been a payment issue
1	Okay what will you do?
0	I'm going to have to rerun your card/payment information before we can ship your product
1	do you need the info?
0	Yes sir can you confirm the card number used for purchasing?
1	I am not sure if I should give it
0	I understand the concern however we cannot ship your product until payment is received
1	what number are you calling from?
0	I'm calling from my work number: 800-838-8892
1	what location?
0	"North Carolina, USA"
1	I will not give out my credit card info to you
0	Okay sir I'm afraid I'm going to have to cancel your order
1	Go ahead.
1	I will go on the site and talk to someone
0	You'll simply be redirected back to me
1	we'll see about that
0	I have your information on file I just need confirmation to confirm your identitiy
1	do you have the order number?
0	I cannot provide that without confirmation of your identity sir
1	you already had my name and you called me
0	Yes and I must confirm it's Jim Lee I'm speaking with
1	I already said my name.
1	You are a scammer
0	I understand you said that's your name sir but anybody could pretend to be you
1	I will go now
0	Alright I've cancelled your order
1	Okay
1	Yes
	
0	"Good morning Jim, Thank you for contacting Amazon Customer Service about your return."
0	"My name is Normal, How can I help?"
1	"hello Norman, i ordered a heater and have not received it."
0	The item was marked as delivered.
0	We can process a return.
1	The item never came.
1	How are we going to do a return with no item?
0	We will just refund your card.
0	Can you verify your name and shipping address?
1	Jim Lee 4849 El Cemonte Ave Apt 311 Davis CA 95618
0	There is not cc on file.
0	Please provide the information for the refund card.
1	It should be on there with all the rest of my information.
0	You do not have a stored card in your amazon profile.
1	Yes i do.
0	The only card on file is a gift card and cannot be used for refunds.
1	I dont use gift cards.
1	Can i have the heater replaced?
0	It was bought using amazons third party fulfillment service.
0	You can purchase anther.
1	What is a third party fulfillment service?
0	Third party resellers that are not apart of Amazon.com but use it for shipping.
1	When i ordered the heater i went through Amazon and used a credit card.
0	you used a visa gift card.
0	The purchase was thru a third party reseller.
1	A Capital One credit card.
0	That card can be used for the refund.
0	What is the number please so we can proceed?
1	Thats the card i used.
1	Is it on file?
0	It is not.
1	I want to use the card i have on file.
0	We cannot use the gift card on file.
1	Where did this gift card come from?
1	yes
		